DIY Wooden Chair DIY Wooden Chair
Prisha Lighting Deco 001 This application is released to work with Prisha Automation's "Lighting Deco 001" module which is WiFi/RF based 2 channel light dimmer control.
Mobilus Home Mobilus Home allows you to manage all the automation in your home. With the new COSMO I 2WAY technology, you can check if the iron is off, the door is closed, and the shutters are lowered. It will also receive information about malfunctioning or malfunctioning to allow for quick response. The most important features of this technology include: • Receiving information from controlled devices through a unique bi-directional communication system • Supports many types of devices such as gates and garage doors, blinds, blinds, awnings, lighting, solenoid valves, ON / OFF electrical loads. • Possibility of setting up blinds, louvers or similar devices in any intermediate position and receiving confirmation of operations (eg 30% lower floor blinds) • High security with encrypted communication with variable code.
PIP Love Make your pip love photos extra Attractive with creative pip love filters effects editors and pip love frames!Photo In Photo Or We can Say Pic-In-Pic Or We can Say PIP Maker or pip in pip Have Varietyof pip love Frames and filters To beautify you pic.pip love Photo Maker App  allows you to make your pip love photo in many pip love frames.In This App you can combine your blur photo and creative Love photo frame.pip love collage Maker Photo Layout is the newest and most fun App for making creative Pic-in-Pic mode collages and Love selfie. Combine multiple photos with amazing layouts into a beautiful Love collage.pip love Photo EditorTurn your shots into art with perfect filters, Love frames,Love effects and photo editing tools.Top 1 pip love Hd selfie camera, Totally new pip love selfie experience. Artistic Filters —— In special, we have magical artistic filters. Change ordinary photos to pip love art photos in a second: Totally new artistic filters are all here.Except taking photos and making photo collages, PIP Camera is also a powerful pip love photo retouching app. Built-in professional photo/ picture retouching function, mysterious filters, fun sticker sets, text adding are adder later, where as photo/ picture editing, mosaic, insta square, emboss professional editing and so on are available. pip love Photo Collage Maker is a creative pip photo editor that lets you create photo in pics (pip) and Love collage photos for you to create amazing pip love collage photos with layout and frames.PIP Photo Collage Maker is the best collage maker and photo editor that helps you stitch multipleLove  pip photos with myriad layout frames, photo grids. pip love Photo Maker App Includes:* Best Filters effects to edit your picture and make it best with  contrast, brightness, saturation, beautify, aperture, sharpness, Emboss etc.* Best pip love Effects frames to make your image more attractive.Key Features:* You can choose or select image image from gallery or camera Selfie or Love Photo.* Edit your picture by adding filters effects.* Blur automatically for background photo.* Edit your picture by making it a pip love with pip love frames.* Share your Picture to social networks like facebook, instagram , twitter, whatsapp etc.* Save Your Picture.Keep sharing stylish, gorgeous and amazing Love selfies and Love photos with this freepip love Photo Maker App.Enjoy and have fun :)IF you like our pip love hd photo maker then please give appropriate ratings and give feedback.
Albatross Wi-Fi Albatros-2500 Wi-Fi protects the equipment from overvoltage, high-voltage impulses, shocks and "drawdowns" of the supply voltage of a single-phase 220 V power supply. It protects the load up to 2 kW from overvoltages caused by lightning, lightning, Network. Albatros-2500 Wi-Fi is designed for 24-hour operation and can be used to protect household, office and industrial equipment. Applications for the smartphone Albatross Wi-Fi allows: - displaying the current voltage level on the load - the ability to turn on and off the load - the ability to set the automatic mode, at which the load will be shut off when the voltage goes beyond the set thresholds (thresholds can be adjusted) Loads to protect devices sensitive to short-term power failures
K-Rauta VR Travel in three design kitchens and try changing materials from different surfaces to find your favorite set of Cello kitchens. Also, change the surface materials of floors and walls to see how different options and combinations look like. Experience a realistic virtual experience using your smartphone with your cardboard glasses or, if you prefer, a smartphone or tablet device. Cardboard glasses will be distributed in selected K-rays for a limited time.
Wooden Chairs Design Chair is a home furniture commonly used as a seat. In general, the seat has 4 legs which is used to support the body weight on it. Some types of chairs, such as barstool, have only 1 leg located in the middle. Sometimes the chair is also equipped with a footrest.
Bedroom Sets Bedroom Sets application shows you the galleries of beautiful, impressive and colorful bedroom decorating ideas, bedroom designs and painting for you. You can get many great bedroom design ideas,bedroom furniture,bunk beds,king bed frame,queen bed frame,girls beds or platform bed from this application.You can save and share all room decoration images. You can get a hundred ideas of interior or bedroom decorating from this application.bedroom designs contains the various types of bedroom decorating ideas :bedroom sets  armoire bed bedroom furniture  daybed ,day bed  twin bed queen size bed platform bed king size bed bed frames  bunk beds bedroom ideas queen bed sets california king bed master bedroom cheap beds bedroom interior designmodern bedroom modern bedroom designs furniture outlet modern bedroom sets  bedroom interior girls beds  queen size bed frame bedroom decorating ideas full size bed frame king size headboard cheap bedroom sets queen headboard bedroom dressers night stands twin bed frame cheap bedroom furniture queen bed frame bedroom chairs white bedroom furniture  full bed sleigh bed king bed frame white bedroom setking bed bedroom sets for sale king size bedroom sets queen bed queen bedroom sets bedroom suites wooden bed bedroom decorationApplication Features:- A hundred pictures of bedroom decorating ideas- You can save all pictures to sdcard.- You can share all images to others.- You can set all pictures as wallpaper.- Easy to use: press menu to save, share, and set as wallpaper.bedroom furniture apps have hundreds of bedroom pictures to make bedroom design a cinch, small bedroom, tiny bedroom, master bedroom, Need to refresh your sleeping space? Find out ideas to decorate your bedroom in style. Hurry download now!Disclaimer: I used images  which are generally available on websites without any explicit copyright information stating it is not allowed to use or redistribute these. All trademarks and copyrights are owned by their respective owners.
Small living room This application contains a small living room interior design ideas as well as ideas when you look for references to modern living room ideas or living room design ideas, and also a small living room design andujh and install this application on your device. You can also create a small living room furniture, sofa for small living room, small room living room furniture, living room furniture ideas, living room ideas, in the living room decor you would later design. Do not ask me anymore to try how to decorate a small living room , We have a lot for your design, interior design for our living room will transform into a small living room decor.The following are some of our own design as listed below.Furniture for small living roomLiving room decorations ideasRoom designInnenarchitecture ideas for living roomDesigning room designModern living roomLiving room Interior designDecoration ideas for living roomInnenarchitecture Living roomSmall living room Decoration ideasLiving room furniture for Small roomsHow to decorate small living roomDecorative living room living room
Refordomus Discover all the services of comprehensive reforms offered by Refordomus throughout the Community of Madrid and find out all the latest news.
Klor Real Estate Properties Klor represents one of the largest real estate companies in La Rioja. More than eight years of experience in the provision of real estate investment services in La Rioja and surroundings. Klor Homes has a passion for large investment projects and negotiations with demanding clients. It is a real estate specialist in marketing and sales. If you need to buy Or sell a property, we are the best option.
MyFFincaRaiz MyF Finca Raiz: We are an innovative company that offers services and solutions in the real estate and construction sector, generating confidence, security and better business opportunities for our clients, with the support of a committed and competent human group. Webpage: Www.myfincaraiz.com
HomeSway - Home Tours Never forget a home tour with HomeSway.Buyers - Save impressions as they happen• Easy Drag n Drop room rating feature captures what you like and what you don't.• Add in tour photos and notes. • Quickly review your past tours with notes and photos all in one place.Sellers - Find out what buyers think• Get instant feedback on your home from potential buyers as soon as the tour ends.• Get weekly tour email summaries of what buyers are responding to.Real Estate Agents - Provide a better home tour experience• Get your sellers the feedback they deserve.• Give your buyers a tool to organize multiple home tours.
Nivasa LK Browse the most luxurious living around the world as NIVASA.LK takes you inside beautiful living rooms, Kitchen, Landscaping and most magnificent residences you can only dream about calling a home.NIVASA.LK is the ultimate place in home design and a rare peek into an exclusive lifestyle. We will bring you a Directory of top decorators, architects, designers, construction companies, home accessories and many more… We also bring you an amazing collection of professional design secrets from around the world. We Welcome you to our one place find, most beautiful, luxurious homes and ideas from around the world.Live a better life, make your home a place where you feel like heaven, a beautiful home brings you everlasting memories… send us your feedbacks. Your Articles. Your stories.
Top To Up Top To Up gives you access to millions of homes for sale and for rent. With our real estate app, you can procrastinate for days searching , high-res property photos and other nifty things. Peep on the neighbors with our home values. Explore houses, condos, apartments, bungalows, dungeons and town homes.We believe in a simple approach to home search. Our goal is to provide the best features. We believe the true way to your heart is through your rib cage and/or building a groovy product. More homes, better data.
Ebriz Design & Decoration A specialized institution in the field of interior and exterior decoration (design & implementation) achieved the highest professional level in this field in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. With experience in this field in 2002, we have specialized engineers of different nationalities with long experience in the field of decoration and want to work on various computer programs. We have so far designed more than 3000 works inside and outside the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. We have been involved in supplying decorative items such as wallpaper and other international agencies from France, England and Spain.
DomoSnap DomoSnap is a solution for managing home automation for the general public, ie people who do not want to "tinker" for it to work. The goal is not to have as much functionality as possible, but simple, pragmatic and work without effort. Also for the early versions the focus was on ease of use and robustness. Currently, the solution supports the lights and the OpenWebNet protocol of Legrand / Bticino. Do not hesitate to follow future developments in order to discover new features that will enrich the solution over time.
DIY Wooden Table DIY Wooden Table
Neighborhood Security App Neighborhood Security App
Tree house ideas tree house is a house built attached / in a tree, no house made of tree. Nature is the ultimate goal of human life because man can not live apart from nature. Progress era, modernization, technological, cultural, social level sometimes much human nature to forget to be united with nature
YardMagic YardMagic is a fast easy to use app for anyone that needs or does yardwork. Perfect for homeowners or property managers looking to simplify lawn care. Simply logon and select the work, the amount you want to spend and post. Instantly, the job is visible to qualified landscapers near the job. Receive notifications, review  before and after photos and make payments directly in the app. Perfect for professional landscapers looking to grow their business or those simply looking to make extra income on the weekend. Sign up. Get to work fast. Get paid fast. Connect with Facebook / Google. No mandatory jobs. Take the jobs that make your day more profitable. Stop driving miles in between jobs. Look for opportunities to make a difference in the community with YardMagic. YardMagic strategically partners with community leaders to provide yardwork to those in need.
Stair Design Minimalist House Stair Design Minimalist House
Modern Design House Door Modern Design House Door
Minimalist Design Of The Fence Minimalist Design Of The Fence
Dream Home Today Dream Home Today
The New Design House Window The New Design House Window
Map Roomie Map Roomie is a free google maps based roommate finding application that helps you to find roommates (either posting or searching for rooms) on a map. With the smart search mechanism it's possible to locate a destination on the earth and post or see rooms there.You can send room posts without membership or signing in. System automatically deletes post that are older than six months. You can post rooms after entering details, description and taking or selecting up to six photos.It's possible to reach posters by calling or sending an sms after seeing the details and the photos of the room.Map Roomie is completely free no credit card information will be asked or charges will be applied while using the system.English, Spanish and Turkish languages are supported.
Service Koncept ApS Time Registration App
Rustic bar ideas If you want a minibar in your home? We have many mini themed rustic furnishings. You can relax in your own bar and can also invite your friends to drink together in the minibar in your home. Are you looking for home bar ideas for your basement, bonus room, home cinema or lounge area? Browse these images to find new design ideas and options. It is a charming rustic feel.Rustical bar ideas for cellarRustical bar for saleRustic home burebaking How to build a rustic barRustual wooden barsRustical bar plansRustic outdoor bar ideasPictures of rustic house bars
Expressions Expression is coming soon in 360 virtual reality. The current application is just for intro of Expression project which includes About projectWalkthrough videoPlans only.Future release is for - Virtual reality 360 with complete interior, exterior view.
Learn to iron With this app, you learn how to iron all kinds of clothes. Learning to iron has never been so easy. We show them how to iron all types of clothing, from shirts and pants to suits and bedding, tablecloths, napkins, and much more. Boring work to go with the clothes crumpled? Do not hesitate, download this app and become the most beautiful in the office. Ironing is a boring work, but if they know how to do in a short time and is a very useful tool in their day to day.
Unique Wall Clock Models Unique Wall Clock Models
Contracting application of the first application in Kuwait on the iPhone and Android devices to view all construction and construction materials. The application includes many sections with more than 10 different sections. In addition to the ability to buy online and are delivered as soon as possible
DigiConnect Home Automation DigiConnect Automation has the simplest way to make your home automation easy and efficient.The DigiConnect Application is the most modern, easiest and user friendly software. It controls all connected electrical appliances via your smart phone/tablet, wherever and whenever you choose to control the on/off, schedule, timer and group setting (Moods). This App is capable of controlling any number of DigiConnect Wifi boards as long as the location is covered by the network.The DigiConnect Wifi boards connects your home wifi network to your appliances, eg. floor lamp, table lamp, heater etc. for automation, energy saving and security purposes.Features:• Turn Fan/Light/other appliances power ON/OFF• Control fan speed• Control light dimming• Schedule ON/OFF/Dimming any electricalappliance any time of the day• Configure Mood setting• Create favourite• Create Groups• Multiple mobile users connectivityPlease visit us @ www.DigiConnectAutomation.com
Intermed Intermed Immobiliari Consulting was founded in 1992 by professionals with long and proven experience in the Italian real estate market, from the merger of more experience gained in the real estate sector, with the belief that it will be able to offer its customers maximum professionalism and commitment . Certainly, for those who sell to maximize their property and, for those who buy, to realize the most complete security and guarantee the living dream of his life. Since then, he has met countless residential and commercial needs, becoming, over the years, a leader in the real estate landscape of the Capital. Our experience has managed to traverse the most difficult moments that have happened in recent years: from deep economic crises To epochal changes such as the transition from the 'lira' to the 'euro', all with the conviction that we can always guarantee the best to our customers. Intermed's staff has developed and diversified their activities over time to embrace a variety of services , From legal to technician, to offer its customers complete solutions, assisting in all phases of real estate sales, through partnerships with several prestigious Credit Institutions and collaborating with Legal and Notary Professionals, Accountants and Directors of Condominium, Building Companies. Thus, Intermed meets all of them Customer needs, relieving it of any kind of transaction related to real estate transactions and providing it with accessory services at privileged conditions, added value that represents the true strength of the company.
Bluetify App This app is for use with the Zmote Universal IR Remote. This app allows the user to add new Zmotes to the home network as well as control them. The app along with the Zmote gives the user the power to control their electronics for any corner of the world. All this app requires is an active internet connection on both the user side and the device side. Use this app to control your A/C, TV, Set-top box, music systems, home theatre, etc. For further details please visit www.bluetify.com or email us at hussain@bluetify.com or ali@bluetify.com
ShapeVisual ShapeVisual® is an easy to use design and visualisation app that enables you to visualise your ideas within just a few minutes. There are a vast variety of materials, furnitures and other objects available that you can use to form your ideas quickly into photorealistic virtual representations and share them online with others if you like. ShapeVisual Features:- Full drag, drop and design concept with no need to draw- Full 2D and 3D agile design modes- Easily share your work with others online- Create links to your design on your website- Save designs in your private space on the cloud- Visualise your design ideas and walk inside them virtuallyPayed premium features:- Google Cardboard VR mode- Objects library with hundreds of objects to use- Become a presenter and remote control other viewers to remotely explain your ideas- Purchase on one device and have it available on Web, desktop and mobile apps. Please visit our website to watch instruction videos, find more info and play with example designs.
Electtrocasa Electtrocasa provides technical assistance for home appliances, air conditioners, computers, hydraulics, electrical of all models and brands, with quick interventions. Spare parts and accessories provided directly by us in the shortest time and with the lowest costs of Italy
Simple Bamboo House Design Simple bamboo house is a design house built with basic materials of bamboo. This house is still rated as a house that is not cool and not a decent house as a residence or residence. Whereas if the assumption is based on a detailed assessment and observation, bamboo house is one of the unique house design and also interesting.
Decora Home You can buy all the furniture of the PC version from the comfort of your mobile, anywhere. If you are looking to decorate your living room, dining room , Bedroom ... or simply looking for small decorative accessories for your home, we have selected all the world's new products, brought around the world (India, China, Indonesia, Belgium, Italy, Spain ...).
Design Hangers Cloth Hangers means a tool for hooking things up. While the clothes are clothing body cover (many kinds and names). When combined, Clothes hangers means a tool for hooking or hanging clothes. In this application there is a design hanger / clothes unique and interesting!
Laundry Lake Laundry Lake offers washing , dry cleaning and ironing at a single click and at your doorstep
One & Only Realty One & Only Realty One & Only Realty is a team of professionals who are passionate about their business, providing a high-end complex of services for the maintenance of international transactions With real estate in New York. We represent the interests of individuals and companies around the world who entrust us with the purchase or sale of apartments, houses and commercial buildings in the premium segment of the New York market.
Côte d'Azur Homes We develop daily contacts across the Côte d'Azur from Cannes to St Tropez. If you are looking for a property other than those proposed, please let us know what you are looking for and we will propose new proposals in a targeted manner.
Kerala Daily Needs Our service model is designed to provide the highest level of expertise in the most cost effective way by leveraging multiple part-time client contracts.We will work hard for your business and will earn it with our premier customer services and quick response.
Time To Evolve The app shows you how a future energy system will look like. You can walk virtually through all areas from intelligent, self-supplying buildings to the electricity grid, the wholesale market or future energy communities that organize their energy supply. Digital technologies connect all elements like solar PV, battery storage, heat pumps or electric vehicles with an overall Internet of Things platform that manages physical and financial energy transactions. You can virtually touch the major elements and learn about their role in the system. Artificial intelligence embedded in the Internet of Things platform help managing and continuously improving the overall system.
3qarhom The best real estate apps for realtors!  This GPS enabled app from 3Qarhom is the whole of the Saudi real estate market in the palm of your hand.  3Qarhom is “The Request for Real Estate Property Service”. Whether you are a house hunter, real estate enthusiast or looking for somewhere to rent or buy there is now a simple way to find out what’s on the market.
OSSUL The best real estate apps for realtors!  This GPS enabled app from Ossul is the whole of the Saudi real estate market in the palm of your hand.  Ossul is “The Request for Real Estate Property Service”. Whether you are a house hunter, real estate enthusiast or looking for somewhere to rent or buy there is now a simple way to find out what’s on the market.
Stealights Here are the days, the lampshades are for the living culture in a fixed variety of materials such as: fabric shades of rustic fabrics, pleated fabrics, shantung, sackclothes, jute and linen; Normal paper shades as well as exotic papers, classic and translucent oiled parchments and also eco-friendly paper. For this and over-chic look, there are lampshades, stone, porcelain and glass. With such an abundance of lampshades, which are available in the market, it can be water cookers, knowing where to start when choosing you for your home.Glasschirm - These shades are graceful and elegant and are usually made in antique and classic designs. Although these days, manufacturers are using modern designs to decorate the modern house or today. Some of the different styles of glass shades include: Painted backwards, student, ball, lily or tulip, reflective bowl and stained glass shade. Although they can be gorgeous elegant, glass shades are very delicate and expensive, two factors that must be taken into account. Tiffany Style Lamp Shades - These lamp shades have been redesigned and replicated in virtually any type of function, shape, color, animal, and flower , They consist of several pieces of tinted glass, all of which were welded together with an advance payment or copper frame around each piece of glass. Traditionally, the pieces of glass have been embossed in patterns that characterize certain aspects of nature.But these days, volgens are different styles of art, ranging from modernism to art nouveau. Tiffany style blinds are not meant to blend in with the home decor but stand out due to their dazzling pure beauty. A Plain Jane lamp can be turned into a work of art with this child or glass painting shade.Glass lamps - These graceful and elegant colors and are usually available in antique and classic design, although these days, the manufacturers are also a combination of Modern design, today's modern decoration.Multiple different types of glass shade include: reverse, student, ball, lily or tulip, reflector shells painted, and stained glass shade. Although they can be beautifully stylish, glass shades are very delicate and expensive, two factors need to be kept in mind.Tiffany style lamp shades - color lights have been remodeled and replicated in almost every type of function, shape, color, animals, and flowers. They consist of several pieces of glass painting, with lead or copper edge welded around each piece of glass. Traditionally, pieces of glass has formed into a pattern that describes an aspect of nature. But today, you are in harmony with a variety of styles that are created from the modernist to the art nouveau area. Tiffany style lampshade is not meant to blend with the decor, but are distinguished by their pure and spectacular beauty. A plain Jane lamp can be transformed into a work of art like the Tinted glass screen. Antique Lamp Shades - This colored lamp, imitated of satin, velvet and silk, with plait and beaded fringes, and the corner of the shoelace cover, beautiful elegant Victorian style. Usually handmade and tailor-made, the beaded colors in the antique style is very graceful. Download Stehleuchten Now app for free !!
Home Ventilation Design In this app you can learn how to design ventilation for your house. It is so useful for lighting and ventilating, so your house will be bright and cool.
TICA be smart L1P0 OnOff Turn on, turn off or soften the lights according to the time of day, adjust the temperature according to the climate of the day, handle the opening and closing of doors and windows or activate rigorous security controls. All this - and much more - can be done to a click thanks to the resources that today offers the domótica, and that Tica provides through a personalized system that uses the advances of this science, but adapting them to the reality of his house. Intelligent is one that combines the highest and most advanced automatic lighting systems, temperature control, opening or closing of doors and windows and security, among many other functions. But the home automation is much more than that: only through a good engineering of these resources and a design that allows to adapt them to the needs of each house and each user, meets the three maximum concepts of this science: energy saving, sustainability and comfort . In Tica, home automation is applied through an integral system that combines three instances: The physical interface, ie the product, of quality calidad.La installation and programming, with the technical professionals of our company. The design and engineering of the different Systems in a personalized way, for each user can benefit from a customized plan. With this integrated and integral program, the house takes autonomy, its users gain in wellness and the concepts of sustainability and energy saving become tangible.
Teso Robles by Comstock Homes All-new townhomes in Camarillo Now Selling! Seek and Enjoy the treasured life at Teso Robles – a community experience so inviting and so inspiring, it can only be described by one word: Home. Sparked by the Mission Oaks spirit, this is Camarillo living for a new generation. A classic gem of a community. Rich with convenience, features and amenities, Teso Robles is full of opportunities that are as vibrant as its surroundings. Community clubhouse equipped with fully-functional kitchen and event space perfect for hosting small events. Community spa and fitness studio. Located between the Pleasant Valley and Oxnard Union High School districts, Teso Robles also offers easy access to nearby freeways, shopping, dining and recreational activities, connecting you to wherever you want to go with just a trip away.Virtual Tour Instructions:Swipe to look around the virtual model home.Double-tap on the floors to walk around.
United Company for Recruitment, visit the hour cleaning services
TC Services Hire home service pros your neighbors trust.TC Services is an app that is free and easy to use. In this app you can call for services pay and manage orders—all in one place! The app also allow you to choose what type of services you want house cleaning or lawn care professionals. So download the app and get the services you want.
Books Add the books in your library and sign in with your email and password to a private back up online.Store as many books as you like. Order them by title, author or location in your home. Search for them later so you always know where they are.
GAB IT GAB property App
Beytly The best real estate apps for realtors!  This GPS enabled app from Beytly is the whole of the Saudi real estate market in the palm of your hand. Whether you are a house hunter, real estate enthusiast or looking for somewhere to rent there is now a simple way to find out what’s on the market. Browse and create your own catalogue and share with your friends and family
Premium License for PICASATOOL This App doesn't work alone. It works with "Tool for Picasa, Google+ Photo" free app. Please install that App with this license app!PicasaTool will detect this License App and activate itself with premium features as below:■ No Advs any more, have a clean interface.■ Download photos in original size.■ Unlimited offline albums.■ Moving photos from one album to another easily.■ Slide show for both online and offline albums.■ More Slide show effects (Push, Fading).■ Play videos online.■ Set default landing tab in settings.■ More photo editing features enabled.■ More resize options.■ Upload any video (>30 seconds, but <100 MB - Google API limitation)■ Offline albums are visible in Gallery, QuickPic apps.Check http://bit.ly/picasa_tool_help_lic for help, if you have any other question/issue, please do not hesitate to send mail to coliferlab@gmail.com! We'll help you get fixed ASAP :-)NOTE!!- Go to PicasaTool "License" screen to check license activation. If Erorr 023 prompts, try uninstall/reinstall license app and try again.- Or EXIT(use 'Back' key) and RE-LAUNCH PicasaTool to get it activated automatically. (REBOOT the phone if required)Online help for key-------http://bit.ly/picasa_tool_help_lic**Please KEEP license app installed, otherwise the premium features will be deactivated automatically.**You don't need a key text to enter, the apk is the key.
Caitlin Irish TTS Voice CereProc has developed the world's most advanced text to speech technology. Our voices not only sound real, they have character, making them suitable for any application that requires speech output. This voice can synthesize:* Navigation directions from Scout while driving* Accessibility information with Talkback* Twitter, Facebook and newsfeeds with iHearNetwork* Your favourite eBook from eBook reader apps* Your SMS with apps like Handcent SMS or Drive Carefully* and many other TTS-enabled appsPlease note that for some applications such as Scout, we recommend installing on a device with at least a 1GHz processor.You can try the Caitlin voice for yourself, in the interactive demo on CereProc's homepage:http://www.cereproc.com
Microphone lock spyware protection • Easy one-click blocking / protection of your microphone. THE APP BLOCKED AND DISABLED ACCESS TO THE MICROPHONE TEMPORARY FOR ALL OTHER APPLICATIONS AND THE ENTIRE ANDROID SYSTEM. [NO ROOT NEEDED • Check the Microphone Block Pro and: ✔ Block and disable the phone. • The phone will not be interrupted. • The phone will protect your phone from viruses, spyware, malware, Your microphone with a single click. ✔ Protect your privacy from shots and eavesdropping via the phone. ✔ Use the "Spy App Capture" feature to analyze whether you are already listening or recording. (See spyware, viruses, malware, backdoors, and monitoring risks) ✔ Block and protect In front of all types of "call / audio / voice recordings" through applications. • Easy-to-use home screen widget for faster access. • Simples and clear design with 2 templates and multiple icon sets .-- "On average, Android devices have 14 applications, Which have "voice recordings" (microphone) rights and can be abused at any time for monitoring and recording your calls. Each of the 14 apps can record your voice, conversations, and calls at any time. Most of these apps have Internet access and could send these records to any location in the world. "- ★ Spy App Capture A special feature that helps you analyze and translate applications that you might monitor and spy on. If your mobile device is in Sleep mode (off screen), the application tests every 5 minutes to access your microphone. If the microphone is not in use, everything is okay. If you do not ... • FAQ: ★ Try the free version "Microphone Block": - The free protection works 22 hours a day (The blocking is deactivated between 20-22 clock) - The free version includes banners. ★ Here: http://goo.gl/6qgc7U (microphone lock - antimalware) - "On average, Android devices have 14 applications that have" voice recordings "(microphone) rights and at any time for listening And recording your phone calls, and each of the 14 apps can record your voice, conversations, and calls at any time, most of which have Internet access and send them to anywhere in the world. " Capture A special feature that helps you analyze and translate applications that you may be able to monitor and spy on. If your mobile device is in Sleep mode (off screen), test it E Apply every 5 minutes to access your microphone. If the microphone is not in use, everything is okay. However if not ... !!!
Camera lock - spyware protection • LOCK ALL CAMERA RESOURCES. DISABLED ACCESS TO THE CAMERA FOR OTHER APPS AND THE OVERALL ANDROID SYSTEM [NO ROOT NEEDED] • Prevents unauthorized image and video capture by spyware, malware, and viruses on your phone • The app will prevent your phone camera from dangers like (Spyware, malware, monitoring, and infected apps) ✔ Captures your privacy. • Protect your privacy from spyware, spyware, malware, spyware, malware, malicious programs, viruses, spyware, , Which apps have camera access. Stellen Set automatic blocking periods. Einfach Easy-to-use home screen widget for faster access. Sim Simplicity and clear design with 2 templates and multiple icon sets .-- "Average Android devices have 24 applications with camera access installed, Who could abuse them at any time to watch and spy on you. Each of the 24 apps can take any pictures or video recordings at any time. Most apps have access to the Internet and could upload images and videos anywhere. (In addition, you will be monitored by an unknown number of security authorities at this time;). "- ★ Try the free version (camera lock - spy security): - Free protection works 22 hours a day (The blocking is between 20- 22 hours deactivated) - The free version includes advertising banners. ★ Here: http://goo.gl/LQyBiP (Camera Lock - Spy Security) • FAQ: - Requires "Camera Block (Camera Lock - Spyware Protection)" Camera access rights? Is the app secure? The app does not require "camera access rights". Our app is also prevented from watching you.
RustDroid: RustServerAdmin RustDroid is the administration and monitoring app for the Survival-Game Rust on your Android device! Watch your RustServer via RCON and keep it up to date.Feature wishes? https://trello.com/b/4hkDv3u4/rustdroid-publicFeatures:---------------------------------- ------------------------ • Supports all Rust versions (legacy / experimental) • Supports all Rust protocol versions (source based / websocket) • Manage multiple Rust server at the same time in an app • Automatic server status updates in the app • Display of all players • Display of VAC status of players • Kicking of players via built-in context menu • Banter of players via built-in context menu • RCON console for sending RCON commands • Chat for reading And interact with the Playerchat • Chat support for Mod servers like BetterChat • Calling Airdrop • Calling helicopters • Easy-to-use Rust-style interface • Linking players to their profiles with Steam player-based administration • Teleport a player to selectable coordinates • Teleport one Player to another player • Give a player ItemsAutomatical Upda Te the item database • available items to give them to the player are automatically updated Planned features: ------------------------------- --------------------------- • Notifications for chat activities such as: - "admin", "airdrop", "cheater" User configurable • Advanced interface for RCON commands to reduce the input of commands • Advanced notification system: - Player connects / exits the server - Server is empty / Frequently asked questions: -------------- --------------------------------------------- Problems adding the server => The port to be specified refers to the so-called "Query" port, which is +1 of the normal server port (default: 28016) => Crash when adding servers? Please delete your app data. Since v1.2.0, the database was adapted, which leads to a crash for older versions. Port does not agree, even with + 1 => If you are a Nitrado customer, the port is in the case + 10-give-item list Is empty => Go to Android Settings, Accounts, Manage accounts, RustDroid account "TEST", Sync Item off, Sync Item on => Alternate: Delete App DataHelp & Support: ---------- ------------------------------------------------- Problems Or suggestions? => Mail@iogames.deLearn us at http://iogames.de! Looking for a Rust-Item? http://www.rust-items.com/
William UK English TTS Voice CereProc has developed the world's most advanced text to speech technology. Our voices not only sound real, they have character, making them suitable for any application that requires speech output. This voice can synthesize:* Navigation directions from Scout while driving* Accessibility information with Talkback* Twitter, Facebook and newsfeeds with iHearNetwork* Your favourite eBook from eBook reader apps* Your SMS with apps like Handcent SMS or Drive Carefully* and many other TTS-enabled appsPlease note that for some applications such as Scout, we recommend installing on a device with at least a 1GHz processor.You can try the William voice for yourself, in the interactive demo on CereProc's homepage:http://www.cereproc.com
Jess North English TTS Voice CereProc has developed the world's most advanced text to speech technology. Our voices not only sound real, they have character, making them suitable for any application that requires speech output. This voice can synthesize:* Navigation directions from Scout while driving* Accessibility information with Talkback* Twitter, Facebook and newsfeeds with iHearNetwork* Your favourite eBook from eBook reader apps* Your SMS with apps like Handcent SMS or Drive Carefully* and many other TTS-enabled appsPlease note that for some applications such as Scout, we recommend installing on a device with at least a 1GHz processor.You can try Jess's voice for yourself, in the interactive demo on CereProc's homepage:http://www.cereproc.com
Heather Scottish TTS Voice CereProc has developed the world's most advanced text to speech technology. Our voices not only sound real, they have character, making them suitable for any application that requires speech output. This voice can synthesize:* Navigation directions from Scout while driving* Accessibility information with Talkback* Twitter, Facebook and newsfeeds with iHearNetwork* Your favourite eBook from eBook reader apps* Your SMS with apps like Handcent SMS or Drive Carefully* and many other TTS-enabled appsPlease note that for some applications such as Scout, we recommend installing on a device with at least a 1GHz processor.You can try the Heather voice for yourself, in the interactive demo on CereProc's homepage:http://www.cereproc.com
Katherine US English TTS Voice CereProc has developed the world's most advanced text to speech technology. Our voices not only sound real, they have character, making them suitable for any application that requires speech output. This voice can synthesize:* Navigation directions from Scout while driving* Accessibility information with Talkback* Twitter, Facebook and newsfeeds with iHearNetwork* Your favourite eBook from eBook reader apps* Your SMS with apps like Handcent SMS or Drive Carefully* and many other TTS-enabled appsPlease note that for some applications such as Scout, we recommend installing on a device with at least a 1GHz processor.You can try the Katherine voice for yourself, in the interactive demo on CereProc's homepage:http://www.cereproc.com
WidgetPad WidgetPad enables SwipePad to put your widget above any app.WidgetPad is also available as a shortcut, so you can put it in your other launchers.Tags: app widget, overlay
Adam US English TTS Voice CereProc has developed the world's most advanced text to speech technology. Our voices not only sound real, they have character, making them suitable for any application that requires speech output. This voice can synthesize:* Navigation directions from Scout while driving* Accessibility information with Talkback* Twitter, Facebook and newsfeeds with iHearNetwork* Your favourite eBook from eBook reader apps* Your SMS with apps like Handcent SMS or Drive Carefully* and many other TTS-enabled appsPlease note that for some applications such as Scout, we recommend installing on a device with at least a 1GHz processor.You can try the Adam voice for yourself, in the interactive demo on CereProc's homepage:http://www.cereproc.com
Paranoia: Protection from spy The Paranoia: Protection from spy for Android – reliable solution for protecting sensitive data from the hidden and unauthorized access to Your smartphone.Some antivirus software considers the behavior of the program as a Trojan. The program locks the microphone and the camera, analyzes the outgoing SMS traffic. Our application does not require a network connection or any other outgoing chanels, how can it be trojan?! This is NOT a trojan!► Protection from the sound recordingLock your device microphone to prevent online-broadcast or record your conversations.Mode recommended for use on sensitive meetings, negotiations, etc....► Monitoring unauthorized access to the microphoneReal-time intrusion detection mode for hidden recording.Recommended for continuous use. It features extremely low power consumption!► Protection from the cameras usingThe locking of device’s cameras prevents the use of them to obtain the hidden videos and photos.► Protection from the SMS spiesParanoia will alert you to any outgoing SMS messages, even if You don't see them in the list of messages.► Protection from the unauthorized WI-FI accessParanoia disable wifi if it will be involved in some application. WI-FI can be activated automatically if you disable protection.► Protection from the unauthorized mobile data access (only on rooted devices)Paranoia disable mobile data if it will be involved in some application.►  Warning about unauthorized use of a GPS connection for determining the coordinates of the device ►   Select the modules to be switched by default ►  The Event log NEW FUNCTIONS:►  Protection from hidden callEnable this option in the settings. When you receive a call, you will see the confirmation button. Press it to confirm the call is correct. You can choose the location of this button for greater ease of use.In addition, you can easily use your favorite applications for communication (Viber, WhatsUP, Instagramm, etc.) without disconnecting the Paranoia protection; we have provided an option to add these applications to the "White list". When you run applications from the "White list", protection will be paused automatically and restarted after suspension or closure.Note!On some phones, the "Start" camera module faster than the time to unlock. In this case, we recommend that you first disable the protection, and then use the camera.To remove an application, for some phones, you must first remove the Paranoia from the list of system administrators: go to SETTINGS - Location and Security - Device Administrator and deselect the paranoia.Now uninstall the application.ATTENTION!We warn users of the application that on some models of smartphones (especially the model LG - lg k8 LT, HOMTOM - homtom ht17 pro, etc.) due to the implementation of a specific program of the manufacturer is not possible to block the work of the microphone or keep track of its current state. Be carefull!
Lauren UK English TTS Voice CereProc has developed the world's most advanced text to speech technology. Our voices not only sound real, they have character, making them suitable for any application that requires speech output. This voice can synthesize:* Navigation directions from Scout while driving* Accessibility information with Talkback* Twitter, Facebook and newsfeeds with iHearNetwork* Your favourite eBook from eBook reader apps* Your SMS with apps like Handcent SMS or Drive Carefully* and many other TTS-enabled appsPlease note that for some applications such as Scout, we recommend installing on a device with at least a 1GHz processor.You can try the Lauren voice for yourself, in the interactive demo on CereProc's homepage:http://www.cereproc.com
eSpeak The eSpeak engine is a small, lightweight text-to-speech (TTS) program that supports a large number of languages. It has a more robotic sounding voice than other engines due to its small size (see http://espeak.sourceforge.net/samples/raven.ogg for an example of what it sounds like). The trade-off for this somewhat harsher sound is a very responsive and resource-friendly engine with voices which remain intelligible at much higher speeds than other, more human-sounding alternatives.This is a port of eSpeak to Android for 4.0 (Ice Cream Sandwich) and later (including Android 4.3), supporting all 79 languages and accents of eSpeak (see http://reecedunn.co.uk/espeak-for-android for the list).It is built on the eyes-free version, fixing multiple issues found in the eyes-free version:1.  Compatibility with Android 4.3 (as of 1.47.11d);2. Speech rate and pitch are correctly handled, so eSpeak on Android sounds like it does on the desktop;3.  Speech rate is set as words per minute4.  Pitch, base pitch and volume are configurable as percentages.5.  The eSpeak variant can be selected, including the NVDA voice variants.6.  Punctuation level and punctuation characters are configurable.7. Languages are correctly selected (e.g. selecting Slovak and Slovenian, or selecting Cantonese Chinese);8. Language names are correctly displayed (e.g. "Scottish English" is displayed as "English (United Kingdom, Scottish Standard English)" instead of "English (Saychelles)");9. Accent and special characters are supported;10. MIPS-based devices are supported;11. Various memory leaks and crashes are fixed;12. SSML is only processed if the SSML markup is wrapped in a  tag.13.  Support for importing custom-built eSpeak dictionaries.NOTE: When enabling eSpeak, you will get a message stating "This speech synthesis engine may be able to collect all the text that will be spoken, including personal data like passwords and credit card numbers. It comes from the eSpeak engine. Enable the use of this speech synthesis engine?". This is a standard warning issued by Android devices for accessibility software that comes from an external source.The eSpeak engine does not collect any data in the text passed to it. All the source code to the core eSpeak engine and the Android port is available for you to verify this if you are concerned.eSpeak: http://espeak.sourceforge.net/eSpeak for Android: https://github.com/rhdunn/espeak/tree/androidAny issues should be reported to https://github.com/rhdunn/espeak/issues.The flags in the feature graphic are licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike by Wikipedia. The lips were designed by Jonathan Duddington. The application icon and feature graphic were designed by Reece H. Dunn.The eSpeak source code is licensed under GPLv3+ by Jonathan Duddington.The Android port is derived from the eyes-free port by Google under the Apache 2.0 license. Additional modifications have been made by Reece H. Dunn, also under the Apache 2.0 license.The Unicode character handling (for correct handling of accented and non-Latin characters) is provided by the ucd-tools project by Reece H. Dunn, licensed under the GPLv3+ license. This project uses data tables generated from the Unicode Character Database (UCD) by http://unicode.org.
Sarah UK English TTS Voice CereProc has developed the world's most advanced text to speech technology. Our voices not only sound real, they have character, making them suitable for any application that requires speech output. This voice can synthesize:* Navigation directions from Scout while driving* Accessibility information with Talkback* Twitter, Facebook and newsfeeds with iHearNetwork* Your favourite eBook from eBook reader apps* Your SMS with apps like Handcent SMS or Drive Carefully* and many other TTS-enabled appsPlease note that for some applications such as Scout, we recommend installing on a device with at least a 1GHz processor.You can try the Sarah voice for yourself, in the interactive demo on CereProc's homepage:http://www.cereproc.com
Hannah US English TTS Voice CereProc has developed the world's most advanced text to speech technology. Our voices not only sound real, they have character, making them suitable for any application that requires speech output. This voice can synthesize:* Navigation directions from Scout while driving* Accessibility information with Talkback* Twitter, Facebook and newsfeeds with iHearNetwork* Your favourite eBook from eBook reader apps* Your SMS with apps like Handcent SMS or Drive Carefully* and many other TTS-enabled appsPlease note that for some applications such as Scout, we recommend installing on a device with at least a 1GHz processor.You can try the Hannah voice for yourself, in the interactive demo on CereProc's homepage:http://www.cereproc.com
Jack UK English TTS Voice CereProc has developed the world's most advanced text to speech technology. Our voices not only sound real, they have character, making them suitable for any application that requires speech output. This voice can synthesize:* Navigation directions from Scout while driving* Accessibility information with Talkback* Twitter, Facebook and newsfeeds with iHearNetwork* Your favourite eBook from eBook reader apps* Your SMS with apps like Handcent SMS or Drive Carefully* and many other TTS-enabled appsPlease note that for some applications such as Scout, we recommend installing on a device with at least a 1GHz processor.You can try Jack's voice for yourself, in the interactive demo on CereProc's homepage:http://www.cereproc.com
Kirsty Scottish TTS Voice CereProc has developed the world's most advanced text to speech technology. Our voices not only sound real, they have character, making them suitable for any application that requires speech output. This voice can synthesize:* Navigation directions from Scout while driving* Accessibility information with Talkback* Twitter, Facebook and newsfeeds with iHearNetwork* Your favourite eBook from eBook reader apps* Your SMS with apps like Handcent SMS or Drive Carefully* and many other TTS-enabled appsPlease note that for some applications such as Scout, we recommend installing on a device with at least a 1GHz processor.You can try the Kirsty voice for yourself, in the interactive demo on CereProc's homepage:http://www.cereproc.com
Gudrun German TTS Voice CereProc has developed the world's most advanced text-to-speech technology. Our voices sound not only real, they have character, so they are suitable for any application that requires voice output. This voice synthesizes: * Scouting directions from scout while driving * Twitter, Facebook and Newsfeeds with iHearNetwork * Your favorite eBook from eBook- Reader Apps * Your SMS with applications such as Handcent SMS or Drive Carefully * And many other TTS-enabled appsWe recommend a device with at least a 1 GHz processor to install some applications like scout. You can use the Gudrun voice with the interactive demo The CereProc homepage: http://www.cereproc.com
Alex German TTS voice CereProc has developed the world's most advanced text-to-speech technology. Our voices sound not just real, they have character so that they are suitable for any application that requires voice output. This voice synthesizes: * Scouting directions from scout while driving * Twitter, Facebook and Newsfeeds with iHearNetwork * Your favorite eBook from eBook- Reader apps * Your SMS with applications such as Handcent SMS or Drive Carefully * And many other TTS-enabled appsWe recommend a device with at least a 1 GHz processor to install some applications like Scout. You can use the Alex voice with the interactive demo The CereProc homepage: http://www.cereproc.com
Stuart Scottish TTS Voice CereProc has developed the world's most advanced text to speech technology. Our voices not only sound real, they have character, making them suitable for any application that requires speech output. This voice can synthesize:* Navigation directions from Scout while driving* Accessibility information with Talkback* Twitter, Facebook and newsfeeds with iHearNetwork* Your favourite eBook from eBook reader apps* Your SMS with apps like Handcent SMS or Drive Carefully* and many other TTS-enabled appsPlease note that for some applications such as Scout, we recommend installing on a device with at least a 1GHz processor.You can try the Stuart voice for yourself, in the interactive demo on CereProc's homepage:http://www.cereproc.com
Megan US English TTS Voice CereProc has developed the world's most advanced text to speech technology. Our voices not only sound real, they have character, making them suitable for any application that requires speech output. This voice can synthesize:* Navigation directions from Scout while driving* Accessibility information with Talkback* Twitter, Facebook and newsfeeds with iHearNetwork* Your favourite eBook from eBook reader apps* Your SMS with apps like Handcent SMS or Drive Carefully* and many other TTS-enabled appsPlease note that for some applications such as Scout, we recommend installing on a device with at least a 1GHz processor.You can try the Megan voice for yourself, in the interactive demo on CereProc's homepage:http://www.cereproc.com
Aviary Effects: Noir This effects pack is a plugin that only works inside Photo Editor by Aviary and select third-party apps that use Aviary's Photo Editor. You can download Photo Editor by Aviary here for FREE: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.aviary.android.feather&hl=en---NOTE: For anyone experiences with this pack earlier, the issue has been fixed.These magnificent black and white filters will make your photos look both cinematic and classic.If you have any questions, please email support@aviary.com.
Library Donation I'm Michele and this app is only for supporting my work on Github!Please if you like his library download this app!!Sono Michele e questa app è solo per supportare il mio lavoro su Github.Se ti piace per favore scaricala!
Gabriel Brazilian TTS voice CereProc has developed the world's most advanced text to speech technology. Our voices not only sound real, they have character, making them suitable for any application that requires speech output. This voice can synthesize:* Navigation directions from Scout while driving* Accessibility information with Talkback* Twitter, Facebook and newsfeeds with iHearNetwork* Your favourite eBook from eBook reader apps* Your SMS with apps like Handcent SMS or Drive Carefully* and many other TTS-enabled appsPlease note that for some applications such as Scout, we recommend installing on a device with at least a 1GHz processor.You can try the Gabriel voice for yourself, in the interactive demo on CereProc's homepage:http://www.cereproc.com
Hide Something - License Install this application to enable premium features of "HD SMTH". - Backup/download your hidden pictures with Google Drive.- Browse unlimited photos with desktop browser.- All the themes.- No advertisement- PIN lock- Manage hidden folders.More premium features are coming.====Tips: relaunch "HD SMTH" after you installed this license application. Rebooting your phone if there's no 'checking license' dialog shown when relaunch "HD SMTH".
Fire Brigade Fire Brigade Fire Brigade Fire Brigade Fire Brigade Fire Brigade Fire Brigade Fire Brigade Fire Brigade Fire Brigade Fire Brigade Fire Brigade Fire Brigade Fire Brigade Fire Brigade Fire Brigade Fire Brigade Fire Brigade Fire Brigade Fire Brigade Fire Brigade Fire Brigade Fire Brigade Fire Brigade Fire Brigade Fire Brigade Fire Brigade Fire Brigade Fire Brigade Fire Brigade Fire Brigade Fire brigade or application in the professional fire brigade, this app offers competent support in all situations. The application is based on the latest state-of-the-art technology (FWDV, vfdb, specialist associations) and currently covers 30 (+7) Which are regularly expanded by free updates. Special fire brigade tools: Calculation of foam quantities quite simply, thanks to the integrated foam calculator. Danger numbers, danger class and characteristics can be quickly and easily obtained via the newly developed substance number search over more than 3000 UN numbers "Fire Engineer Pro" - T More apps from our development team: FireFox Quiz: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=firefauctions.apps.blueinc.quiz&hl=enFireWars Wiki: https://play.google.com/https : //play.google.com/store/apps/details? Id = firefighters.apps.blueincfirefightinghelp: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=feuerwehr.apps.blueinc.pruefungsappFuerwuerde Einsatzleiter Light: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=bl.inw.insatzleiterlightDevelopment of water GPS: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=bl.in .co.lo.waterogle search number: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=firefox.leftnumber&hl=enUNnumber search pro: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details? Id = firefox.generalnumber.proEnglish apps of our development team: FRT - Fire RescueTactics: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=bl.in.co.firerescuetactics
Giles UK English TTS Voice CereProc has developed the world's most advanced text to speech technology. Our voices not only sound real, they have character, making them suitable for any application that requires speech output. This voice can synthesize:* Navigation directions from Scout while driving* Accessibility information with Talkback* Twitter, Facebook and newsfeeds with iHearNetwork* Your favourite eBook from eBook reader apps* Your SMS with apps like Handcent SMS or Drive Carefully* and many other TTS-enabled appsPlease note that for some applications such as Scout, we recommend installing on a device with at least a 1GHz processor.You can try the Giles voice for yourself, in the interactive demo on CereProc's homepage:http://www.cereproc.com
Programs BO of 26-11-2015 Programs of instruction of the elementary school and the collegeB Special official publication n ° 11 of 26-11-2015NOR: MENE1526483Aarrêté of 9-11-2015 - OJ of 24-11-2015These new programs enter In force at the beginning of 2016. The new programs of the college were designed by cycle. Each cycle, lasting three years, allows each student to progress at his own pace and thus achieve mastery of the fundamentals. Continuity of learning with previous programs is ensured. Cycle 2 - CP-CE1-CE2 - Fundamental learning Cycle 3 - CM1-CM2-sixth - consolidation Cycle 4 - fifth-fourth -third -developmentsEach cycle program is organized into three complementary parts: Objectives of the cycle, in the overall perspective of compulsory schooling and the progressive acquisition of the common culture defined by the common core; - Component 2 brings together the contributions of the disciplinary fields or disciplines to the acquisition of each of the five areas of formation of the common core; - Strand 3 specifies, by disciplinary field or discipline, the levels of mastery expected at the end of the cycle, the skills and knowledge to be acquired and mobilized, the methods, approaches and tools that teachers can use, Graduation benchmarks to organize the training of pupils during the three years of the cycle.
Socle Commun BO of 23-04-2015 Common base of knowledge, skills and culture Official Bulletin n ° 17 of 23-04-2015NOR: MENE1506516Ddécret n ° 2015-372 of 31-3-2015 - OJ of 2-4-2015MENESR - DGESCO A1-2 Public concerned: pupils enrolled in compulsory schooling in elementary schools, public and private secondary schools and secondary schools under contract for national education and agricultural education and, for the appendix, children educated in the Family, or in non-contractual private educational institutions.Object: Publication of the new common foundation of knowledge, skills and culture. Entry into force: The text enters into force from the beginning of September 2016.Notice: Decree provides for a new common base of knowledge, skills and culture to replace the common core of knowledge and skills currently in force.
Isabella US English TTS Voice CereProc has developed the world's most advanced text to speech technology. Our voices not only sound real, they have character, making them suitable for any application that requires speech output. This voice can synthesize:* Navigation directions from Scout while driving* Accessibility information with Talkback* Twitter, Facebook and newsfeeds with iHearNetwork* Your favourite eBook from eBook reader apps* Your SMS with apps like Handcent SMS or Drive Carefully* and many other TTS-enabled appsPlease note that for some applications such as Scout, we recommend installing on a device with at least a 1GHz processor.You can try the Isabella voice for yourself, in the interactive demo on CereProc's homepage:http://www.cereproc.com
Sue Midlands English TTS Voice CereProc has developed the world's most advanced text to speech technology. Our voices not only sound real, they have character, making them suitable for any application that requires speech output. This voice can synthesize:* Navigation directions from Scout while driving* Accessibility information with Talkback* Twitter, Facebook and newsfeeds with iHearNetwork* Your favourite eBook from eBook reader apps* Your SMS with apps like Handcent SMS or Drive Carefully* and many other TTS-enabled appsPlease note that for some applications such as Scout, we recommend installing on a device with at least a 1GHz processor.You can try the Sue voice for yourself, in the interactive demo on CereProc's homepage:http://www.cereproc.com
Dynamic Pads: SwipePad add-on If you love launching favorite apps with a swipe, you will also love to contact people, switch running tasks/apps with a single swipe, and that's exactly what this add-on brings to you.Dynamic Pads will enable 3 automatically filled pads:1. Frequently contacted2. Recently contacted3. Recent tasks★ With a single swipe (touch down, move, release), you could open quick contact window or switch to another running app.★ Hold and release on a slot will let you edit the contact or give you context options of your recent task: force close/uninstall what you are running, going to an app's market page to give ratings and so onSwipePad 0.9.0+ requiredTags: task manager, task killer, launcher
Nathan US English TTS Voice CereProc has developed the world's most advanced text to speech technology. Our voices not only sound real, they have character, making them suitable for any application that requires speech output. This voice can synthesize:* Navigation directions from Scout while driving* Accessibility information with Talkback* Twitter, Facebook and newsfeeds with iHearNetwork* Your favourite eBook from eBook reader apps* Your SMS with apps like Handcent SMS or Drive Carefully* and many other TTS-enabled appsPlease note that for some applications such as Scout, we recommend installing on a device with at least a 1GHz processor.You can try the Nathan voice for yourself, in the interactive demo on CereProc's homepage:http://www.cereproc.com
Suzanne French TTS Voice CereProc has developed the world's most advanced text to speech technology. Our voices not only sound real, they have character, making them suitable for any application that requires speech output. This voice can synthesize:* Navigation directions from Scout while driving* Accessibility information with Talkback* Twitter, Facebook and newsfeeds with iHearNetwork* Your favourite eBook from eBook reader apps* Your SMS with apps like Handcent SMS or Drive Carefully* and many other TTS-enabled appsPlease note that for some applications such as Scout, we recommend installing on a device with at least a 1GHz processor.You can try the Suzanne voice for yourself, in the interactive demo on CereProc's homepage:http://www.cereproc.com
Yuki Japanese TTS Voice CereProc has developed the world's most advanced text to speech technology. Our voices not only sound real, they have character, making them suitable for any application that requires speech output. This voice can synthesize:* Navigation directions from Scout while driving* Twitter, Facebook and newsfeeds with iHearNetwork* Your favourite eBook from eBook reader apps* Your SMS with apps like Handcent SMS or Drive Carefully* and many other TTS-enabled appsPlease note that for some applications such as Scout, we recommend installing on a device with at least a 1GHz processor.You can try the Yuki voice for yourself, in the interactive demo on CereProc's homepage:http://www.cereproc.com
Aviary Effects: Grunge This effects package is a plugin that works only within Aviary's photo editing program and selected third-party apps that use Aviary's photo editing program. You can download the Aviary photo editing program here for FREE: https://play.google.com /store/apps/details?id=com.aviary.android.feather&hl=en---Verwandle a normal photo into a hip and gloomy with the Grunge Effects Package! You do not have to be a rock star to take photos like one, these effects are perfect for bringing a little volume into your life. Includes 6 kill effects. Should you have any questions, please send an e-mail to support @ aviary .com.
Bluetooth Low Energy Enabler This application will let you enable Bluetooth Low Energy API on Nexus 7 2012 and Nexus 10 on your Andriod 5.X device, devices since Android 4.3 will work as well.The application includes an installer with restore images downloaded from the official production flashable images provided by Google.ROOT REQUIRED!The code is based on patches I sent to CyanogenMod cm-10.2 should all ready have support for it.Nexus 7 (2012) running Android 4.3 rooting instructions http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2025272More information:https://github.com/fat-tire/android_device_asus_grouper/commit/665584952478441e3fe8e70f32d2f2ee11f6ac27https://github.com/fat-tire/android_device_asus_grouper/pull/1http://review.cyanogenmod.org/#/c/46446/All the code used by this application is available online at https://github.com/manuelnaranjo/AndroidBluetoothLowEnergyEnabler
Team Superluminal Support This is app is only used to support Team Superluminal dev team.We need your help to keep our servers running! Help us out with server costs, please consider buying this app!Thank you for your support!P.S. Click team superluminal logo few times and hold finger down ;)About UsTeam Superluminal is Finnish dev team who provides custom ROM ports to carefully selected quality android phones. We’ll add minor phone specific features to the ROM to make it rock solid and battery friendly. OTA updates are provided for our custom ROM releases.
Arduino Robot Joystick This app is dedicated to be used as joystick interface for Arduino-based (not limited to) robotic application.It can be connected to the hardware using Bluetooth communication modules such as HC-05, HC-06 or Bluetooth Bee.The serial output is in mathematical formula set for differential 2WD/4WD and Omnidirectional (either 3WD or 4WD) robot wheel configuration with adjustable headers (accessible through Settings Menu).You however can set the output to be raw x and y value through the "Raw/Formula Output Mode" menu and return back to the formula mode at your convenience using the same menu.Other than that, you can also get the raw form of magnitude and angle of the joystick based on its current direction and angle. The app now is equipped with Serial Monitor window for your convenience. No need to use Serial Monitor from PC anymore (hence no USB cable needed).There are 6 buttons on board which you can easily set the text they send via serial output using the Settings Menu.The appropriate Arduino program or sketch needs to be used in order to parse the serial string sent by this app which you can easily build one yourselves.You can contact me through email if you need the sample Arduino code.Any problem please don't be hesitate to contact me through email.Thank you.
Aviary Effects: Toy Camera This effects pack is a plugin that only works inside Photo Editor by Aviary and select third-party apps that use Aviary's Photo Editor. You can download Photo Editor by Aviary here for FREE: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.aviary.android.feather&hl=en---Add beautiful light leaks, colors, and distortions with this artistic pack of toy lens effects.If you have any questions, please email support@aviary.com.
Browser Pro 2.0 Browser Pro - The most secure and easy-to-use browser on the market This browser encrypts the files on a private server and is therefore shielded from the outside!
JWildfireMini This app brings the magic of flame fractals to your phone! It comes with both the fractal evolution module "MutaG" and the interactive renderer "IR", as known from the full JWildfire application, to your Android-capable device!JWildfire is a very comprehensive software suite to both construct and render flame fractals (end even create movies of them). In short, flame fractals are an extension to classical IFS (iterated function systems) and were invented by Scott Draves. They are capable to create an endless range of fascinating organic shapes. You may already know classical fern- or flower-like shapes, but there are virtually no limits. You can create trees, gems, demons, oceans, faces, pottery, ... you will often be surprised by your own creations!With this app you will be able to create unique flame fractals by playing with the MutaG module. You can start with modifying one of 60 the stunning flame fractals which are included, and then later continue to modify your own creations. Share your renderings with your friends and amaze your girlfriend with an unique valentine fractal!With the paid app you can export the "formulas" of your creations to be able to render wallpapers, post-edit them using the full-fledged editor or even render artworks suited for print in extreme high quality. All you will need, is a decent personal computer and the full JWildfire application which is completely free and runs on any major platforms. Please note, that there are no hidden costs at all. The whole full application is completely free and you can use it without this app, of course. The only cost ist just to unlock to feature of exporting your flames from this app, the PNG export is also included in the free app.Features:- full-fledged JWildfire-compatible flame renderer, even if not all features may be exposed, this renderer is even able to render flames with Pseudo3D-shading enabled, but this may take some time ;-)- Flame library with 60 stunning example flames ready to be play with (some of them are even unfinished material yet). You can extend the flame library with your own work.- MutaGen3x3 module to create endless mutations of flame fractals using the powerful mutation generators known from the JWildfire software- MutaGen5x5 module to create even more complex mutations- Interactive renderer with the ability to export rendered images as PNG- Flame gallery with some stunning work made by myself to show what is possible with flame fractals- Ability to export flames (only in the purchased app) via email to be able to render your flames in any quality you desire later (using the full and free JWildfire application for personal computers). Upgrading: Be careful: If you upgrade any version, you may loose your personal flames. So please export (eventually as image) all your stuff which matters, before doing any update.
Andy US English TTS Voice CereProc has developed the world's most advanced text to speech technology. Our voices not only sound real, they have character, making them suitable for any application that requires speech output. This voice can synthesize:* Navigation directions from Scout while driving* Accessibility information with Talkback* Twitter, Facebook and newsfeeds with iHearNetwork* Your favourite eBook from eBook reader apps* Your SMS with apps like Handcent SMS or Drive Carefully* and many other TTS-enabled appsPlease note that for some applications such as Scout, we recommend installing on a device with at least a 1GHz processor.You can try the Andy voice for yourself, in the interactive demo on CereProc's homepage:http://www.cereproc.com
Jordan US English TTS Voice CereProc has developed the world's most advanced text to speech technology. Our voices not only sound real, they have character, making them suitable for any application that requires speech output. This voice can synthesize:* Navigation directions from Scout while driving* Accessibility information with Talkback* Twitter, Facebook and newsfeeds with iHearNetwork* Your favourite eBook from eBook reader apps* Your SMS with apps like Handcent SMS or Drive Carefully* and many other TTS-enabled appsPlease note that for some applications such as Scout, we recommend installing on a device with at least a 1GHz processor.You can try the Jordan voice for yourself, in the interactive demo on CereProc's homepage:http://www.cereproc.com
Leopold Austrian TTS CereProc has developed the world's most advanced text-to-speech technology. Our voices sound not only real, they have character, so they are suitable for any application that requires voice output. This voice synthesizes: * Scouting directions from scout while driving * Twitter, Facebook and Newsfeeds with iHearNetwork * Your favorite eBook from eBook- Reader Apps * Your SMS with applications such as Handcent SMS or Drive Carefully * And many other TTS-enabled appsWe recommend a device with at least a 1 GHz processor to install some applications like scout. You can use the Leopold voice with the interactive demo The CereProc homepage: http://www.cereproc.com
Aviary Effects: Nostalgia This effects package is a plugin that works only within Aviary's photo editing program and selected third-party apps that use Aviary's photo editing program. You can download the Aviary photo editing program here: https://play.google.com /store/apps/details?id=com.aviary.android.feather&hl=en---Photos are perfect for transforming the moments of life into memories that can be enjoyed forever. Now you can turn these memories into warm and fuzzy rags with the nostalgia package. Include 6 timeless effects. If you have any questions, please send an email to support@aviary.com.
Aviary Effects: Foodie This effects pack is a plugin that only works inside Photo Editor by Aviary and select third-party apps that use Aviary's Photo Editor. You can download Photo Editor by Aviary here for FREE: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.aviary.android.feather&hl=en---Three special edition filters for brightening, enhancing and polishing your everyday food photography. Bon appetit!If you have any questions, please email support@aviary.com.
Trésor Quotidien 2017 This new digital version offers you easier navigation.You can also use the calendar to read a sheet that you have missed or to read again the wishes of the previous days or even months before. The text of the day makes you think of someone in particular, who has not yet the Daily Treasure? You have the possibility to share it easily with your loved ones. Did the sheet of the day touch you personally? Share your testimony by writing to contact@viensetvois.fr. The Trésor Quotidien 2017 is: - 365 opportunities to discover the Gospel and / or to be built thanks to ... - Nearly fifty editors (pastors And authors of the Assemblies of God) assuring you ... - The security of the biblical doctrine, and it alone, through ... - The imprint of the Pentecostal identity with, in bonus ... - A plan for Read the entire Bible in one year.It is also available in "mural" or "booklet" version on the website www.viensetvois.frA calendar that is easy to offer, to offer yourself absolutely!
Aviary Effects: Shadow Pro This effects pack is a plugin that only works inside Photo Editor by Aviary and select third-party apps that use Aviary's Photo Editor. You can download Photo Editor by Aviary here for FREE: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.aviary.android.feather&hl=en---Emphasize contrast, improve skin tone and fade harsh lighting with Shadow's six pro-grade effects.If you have any questions, please email support@aviary.com.
Fire brigade Fire water fire The use of fire brigades is increasingly becoming an important instrument of modern security. This is certainly also the preparation of fire fighting water over a long distance. This must be planned in advance in order to be able to act in a targeted and fast manner It is essential to plan a transport route for the objects in question in its application area. The application "Fire water transport GPS" records the conveyor route via the GPS receiver of the mobile phone. The length of the conveyor and the height profile are recorded . Due to the programmed parameters, the locations of the amplifier pumps are defined and displayed on a map or a satellite image. The menu navigation is very clear. It is possible to start the recording of the conveyor immediately, without having to make any adjustments. The parameters "delivery flow" and "pump output pressure" can be changed. After the recording, the results are saved, at any time retrievable B fire hoses are calculated and displayed. "Fire water promotion GPS" is not a simple calculation application, but an advanced application that helps the fire brigades to sustain their important tasks.Further apps from our development team: fire brigade quiz: https://play.google.com/store /apps/details?id=feuerwehr.apps.blueinc.quiz&hl=enFire Police Wiki: https://play.google.com/https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=feuerwehr.apps. BlueincFirefair ExamSupport: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=feuerwehr.apps.blueinc.purchaseapple Fire Chief Light: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=bl .in.co.ei Https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=bl.in.investorproUN-nummer search: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id= Firefox search & hl = enUN number search pro: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=firefox.file number searches.proEnglish apps from our developer team: FRT - Fire RescueTitics: https: // play. google.com/store/apps/details?id=bl.in.co.firerescuetactics
MATOOL® checkin MATOOL App. Checkin by bar code card or by list selection now also with smartphone or tablet.
Laurent French TTS Voice CereProc has developed the world's most advanced text to speech technology. Our voices not only sound real, they have character, making them suitable for any application that requires speech output. This voice can synthesize:* Navigation directions from Scout while driving* Accessibility information with Talkback* Twitter, Facebook and newsfeeds with iHearNetwork* Your favourite eBook from eBook reader apps* Your SMS with apps like Handcent SMS or Drive Carefully* and many other TTS-enabled appsPlease note that for some applications such as Scout, we recommend installing on a device with at least a 1GHz processor.You can try the Laurent voice for yourself, in the interactive demo on CereProc's homepage:http://www.cereproc.com
Psychedelic Live Wallpaper Psychedelic Live Wallpaper - Beautifully Animated 60's Pop Art Tie-dye patterns. (A kaleidoscope of animated fractal design.)A Psychedelic experience is defined as a temporary altered state of consciousness, and that pretty much describes this un-common app!This crazy trippy psychedelic live wallpaper is made in celebration of  Hippies and the beat generation, celebrating the culture of peace and love with tie-dyed t-shirts. Please email me if you have any questions, suggestions, or issues about the Psychedelic animated wall paper.
Aviary Effects: Wanderlust This effects pack is a plugin that only works inside Photo Editor by Aviary and select third-party apps that use Aviary's Photo Editor. You can download Photo Editor by Aviary here for FREE: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.aviary.android.feather&hl=en---Six filters for far-flung destinations, optimized for sand, sky and the never-ending highway. Created by Sara Milton (on Instagram: @sar_m)If you have any questions, please email support@aviary.com.
Idyacy Sexy French TTS Voice Nicole, the Sexy French-accented English language Text-To-Speech Synthesiser from Idyacy SolutionsType in an English phrase, and Nicole will speak it back to you with a certain "Je ne sais quoi"!This voice can synthesize:* Navigation directions from Scout while driving* Accessibility information with Talkback* Twitter, Facebook and newsfeeds with iHearNetwork* Your favourite eBook from eBook reader apps* Your SMS with apps like Handcent SMS or Drive Carefully* and many other TTS-enabled appsPlease note that for some applications such as Scout, we recommend installing on a device with at least a 1GHz processor.You can try the Nicole voice for yourself, in the interactive demo on CereProc's homepage:http://www.cereproc.com
FPV_VR This app is able to receive a fpv video stream, decode it with ultra low latency and display it either in a single window, side by side, or side by side in VR mode. You can enable an OSD in the VR world, too.For decoding the App uses the low-level Android MediaCodec API with hardware decoding and for displaying the video on screen it uses ether the SurfaceView or TextureView pipeline provided by Android, or when you want to use the app in VR mode and/or with OSD it uses OpenGL ES2.0 .Furthemore it uses "vertex displacement distortion correction" to reduce latency when rendering in VR mode.you can currently use this app out-of-the-box with ez-wifibroadcast. German support on http://fpv-community.de/showthread.php?73914-FPV-and-VR-Android-App-MyMediaCodecFPVPlayer-Wifibradcast-OpenSource/page10example video from https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCoyfZ_J5opwFH7ro3STMF9AIcons made by Freepik from www.flaticon.com, edited by Luca Müller
Mileage Logbook (License) This app merely allows Mileage Logbook (https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=eu.whistlerconsulting.apps.android.mlb) to check if it was paid for or if it is sponsored through advertisement.
Aviary Effects: Floodwaves This effects package is a plugin that works only within Aviary's photo editing program and selected third-party apps that use Aviary's photo editing program. You can download Aviary's photo editing program here for FREE: https://play.google.com /store/apps/details?id=com.aviary.android.feather---Relax with this hilarious 6-pack of washed-out effects. Perfect for parties or a day at the beach. If you have any questions, please send an e-mail to support@aviary.com.
Lúcia Portuguese TTS voice CereProc has developed the world's most advanced text to speech technology. Our voices not only sound real, they have character, making them suitable for any application that requires speech output. This voice can synthesize:* Navigation directions from Scout while driving* Accessibility information with Talkback* Twitter, Facebook and newsfeeds with iHearNetwork* Your favourite eBook from eBook reader apps* Your SMS with apps like Handcent SMS or Drive Carefully* and many other TTS-enabled appsPlease note that for some applications such as Scout, we recommend installing on a device with at least a 1GHz processor.You can try the Lúcia voice for yourself, in the interactive demo on CereProc's homepage:http://www.cereproc.com
Pokedex "Dex" This is a great Pokedex app for your Pokemon adventure. You can look up these data: - Pokemon Attack - Skills Types - Places It is data from the first generation to the 6th generation including Omega Ruby and Alpha Saphir. IMPORTANT : This app does NOT include pictures of ANY Pokemon! Multi-language (automatic recognition): - German - English - French (only data!) - Italian (only data!) - Spanish (only data!) - Japanese (only data!) - Korean (only Pokemon skills - translations - Dex numbers - basics - catch rate. - Pokemon skills - translations - Dex numbers - basic values ​​- catch rate - Gameplay - Ingame DescriptionAttack: = Pokemon - Type - Category - AP - Generation - Force - Accuracy - Goals - Type Efficiencies (Offensive and Defensive) - Ingame DescriptionOrte: = Pokemon - Region - TranslationsAbilities: = Pokemon - Generation - Ingame Description - ÜbersetzungenBedötiv The following permissionsREAD_EXTERNAL_STORAGERequires to load the imported imagesWAKE_LOCKLet the screen activeNFCSend the current screen to your friend ======= ========== DISCLAIMER ================ Pokémon © 2002-2015 Pokémon. © 1995-2015 Nintendo / Creatures Inc./GAME FREAK inc. TM, ® and Pokémon are trademarks of Nintendo.
Motion Detector Pro Donation This app is only a donation app if you intent to support Motion Detector Pro
Aviary Effects: Gotham This effects pack is a plugin that only works inside Photo Editor by Aviary and select third-party apps that use Aviary's Photo Editor. You can download Photo Editor by Aviary here for FREE: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.aviary.android.feather&hl=en---Infuse your pics with the iconic flavors of NYC’s most storied streets and neighborhoods. Created by Liz Eswein (on Instagram: @newyorkcity)If you have any questions, please email support@aviary.com.
"Evp Lite" Plugin Plugin to make the application "Evp Lite" free of advertising and without limitation. ************************* ***** Important! The plugin works from version 5.0+ of the "Evp Lite" application *************************** *** Plugin Unlocked Functions: Free Spectrometer without Time Limitation; Erase Recordings Individually; Record Up to 10 Minutes; Audio Quality; Remove Advertisements and Messages; Delete Final Banner; With this plugin you will not get the full version. With the version Complete features a more complete range of evp detection tools such as 3d radar, energy screen, sidebar of electromagnetic values. The purchase represents a donation to the author for the development of the same and other projects.
Cantonese Pinyin IME(Full) Cantonese Input (IME) application (廣東話拼音輸入法) converts pinyin　into Chinese characters and words. Supporting 4 pinyin methods: "粵拼（Jyutping）", "劉錫祥（Sidney Lau）", "Yale", "教院式".Full version supports English Word Input and Easy Input, which converts "你好"(neihou) from "NH", "neiH", or "Nhou".*Requires 30MB SD card space
MX Player Codec (ARMv7 NEON) MX Player Codec for ARMv7 NEON CPUs.MX Player - The best way to enjoy your movies. ** IMPORTANT NOTE: This is a software component for the MX Player, you should install the MX Player first. The MX Player will test your device and automatically display the most appropriate codec, if one is needed. You do not have to install codecs if MX Player does not ask for them.
MX Player Codec (ARMv7) MX Player Codec for ARMv7 processors, includes NVIDIA® Tegra ™ 2.MX Player - The best way to enjoy your movies. ** IMPORTANT NOTE: This is a software component for the MX Player. You should install the MX Player beforehand. The MX Player will test your device and then show you the most suitable codec automatically. You do not need to install codecs if MX Player does not ask you for them.
Vide Made 2 Enjoy every Movies & Videos on Vide Made app. We know with our Vid made player you can play any video or movie of your gallery with easy and HD .Features-* Save Videos with just a click* Elegant Design* Add to Favorite*  100% FreeThis app is absolutely free to use. We hope that you will like our video made app . Don’t forget to give us your valuable feedback.
MX Player Codec (ARMv6) MX Player Codec for ARMv6 CPUs.MX Player - The best way to enjoy your movies ** IMPORTANT NOTE: This is a software component for the MX Player, you should install the MX Player first. The MX Player will test your device and automatically display the most appropriate codec, if one is needed. You do not have to install codecs if MX Player does not ask for them.
MX Player Codec (ARMv6 VFP) MX Player Codec for ARMv6 VFP Processors.MX Player - The best way to enjoy your movies. ** IMPORTANT NOTE: This is a software component for the MX Player. You should install the MX Player beforehand. The MX Player will test your device and then show you the most suitable codec automatically. You do not need to install codecs if MX Player does not ask you for them.
MX Player Codec (Tegra 3) MX Player Codec for Tegra ™ 3 processors.MX Player - The best way to enjoy your movies. ** IMPORTANT NOTE: This is a software component for the MX Player. You should install the MX Player beforehand. The MX Player will test your device and then show you the most suitable codec automatically. You do not need to install codecs if MX Player does not ask you for them.
MX Player Codec (ARMv5) MX Player Codec for ARMv5 CPUs.MX Player - The best way to enjoy your movies ** IMPORTANT NOTE: This is a software component for the MX Player, you should install the MX Player first. The MX Player will test your device and automatically display the most appropriate codec, if one is needed. You do not have to install codecs if MX Player does not ask for them.
LIVE MAPS Guide Live maps Satellite view opens up new methods of staying in touch, sharing information, locating addresses and now, it allows you to view specific addresses from satellite map live. Major Internet entities like Google or TerraServer allow you to enter an address live view satellite of earth, sometimes even down to a specific home or building. In many cases, this technology is free, requiring only a fast Internet connection. We all love their traffic alerts, but how exactly does GoogleMaps know how clogged the highway is on your way out of town this weekend?How Google Tracks TrafficFeatures,• How to Get Latitude From Google Maps• How to Use Coordinates in Live Maps• How to Find Latitudes & Longitudes for Multiple Addresses• How to Convert Google Maps Coordinates-	How Google Tracks TrafficOne of the neat features of Google Maps is the ability to get a street view of many urban and suburban areas. The street view is an actual photograph shot with an Immersive Media camera that delivers a 360 degree image of the surroundings.-	Street View - Walk Down Your Street With Google MapsWe all love Google Earth, right? Who doesn’t like to zoom in on our home town, see our own roof, where we go to school, or where we work?
Best ViMate Downloader guide This tutor app is provide information guide for how to use vidmate video download app.Here is information book for use Vid mate's application.This app is not concern with Vid mate Official.- We have created this for everyone who need to know more about Vid mate's application.- Hope this app will hopeful.Vid Made video download guide is a tutorial application for popular music and video downloader, "Vid mate video downloader" for Android smartphone (New Update Contents). Sometimes we do not know how and where to download the video done. In this app you can find where you can see the world's largest collection of movie, TV, and celebrity info. This application will help you how to download a music mp3, movie or video with places along downloaded video movie is right for you goVid meyte free guide is a free tutorial application with photos and videos on popular music and videos too. We created this app application as free fans with guide how to use.Only guide for those who wants to use the vidmate to download video app. Vid meyte free guide is a demonstration application with photos on popular music and video, films.We made this application only for those who want to use the video matte (This application is not related to vidmate)This is not an official guide (not related to vid mate under any circumstances). We made this app just as an application help, only to those who want to enjoy music and video.Receive our Vid mate guidance application, it is easy, simple and completely free to use. In case of violation of copyright or trademark that does not follow within the Fair Use, please contact us and we will immediately take action on it (not related to vid mate under any circumstances). We hope you vaimeriez.merci to take the time to read and our application.We hope you will enjoy.
GPS LIVE MAP Guide Android devices use the same global positioning technology as Google Maps and most third-party GPS tools do. This allows users to locate themselves on a map, find and navigate to destinations via detailed directions, and search maps using a number of different methods.If you need to find coordinates for a location to enter in your GPS system, you can use Google Maps. It isn't as simple as clicking a "Coordinates" button over a location on a map to find the coordinates, but you can find the coordinates if you know what to look for. You only need to have the address of a location or name of a landmark on hand to get started.Features,• How to Get GPS Coordinates from Google Maps• How to Find Coordinates From Your Handheld GPS on Google Maps• How to Plot a Map Using GPS Coordinates• How to Convert a Google Map to GPSGoogle Maps or how to find a satellite image of the place I live!!!In addition, Live MAPS can search for driving directions, you will now see the expected drive time as well as any unexpected traffic delays, making travel planning much easier and more effective.
Automatic cleanup car clean (clean & boost) is the best Android optimizer, speed booster, battery saver, game booster, CPU cooler, and junk cleaner. It can boost your phone cleanly and very quickly. It is small installation package size with only 1 MB; And it's really smart memory and clean junk & cache faster than others to boost, and make the cell phone speed up effect take longer. Car clean aussi helps to cool down your CPU and whole device and stop ang apps battery usage. It is really self-clean (clean master), super booster (master boost), and light all in one application. Highlights of car clean: Clean and super memory BoosterEin Tap Boost (1Tap only) CPU coolerBoost gameBatteriesparHohe save usage notifier memory and Super BoosterAuto clean (clean and boost) can find all applications with high memory power and stop 'em without root privilege. If you notice your phone's delay is simply to use super clean function to speed up by running the apps running in the background, and thesis applications will wintry after clean and increase. Then, your phone will quickly take aussi's cell phone battery can last longer. A Tap Boost (1Tap Only) A tap boost icon from AutoClean is on phone desktop, qui makes you very convenient to boost your cell phone with a tap. By tapping several times the 1 tap boost symbol, the phone is tremendously improved speed.CPU coolerFind your phone is always hot? Just use CPU cooler function to cool the unit, and it will clean up unnecessary applications running in the background. Boost gamePrepare automatically your game speed by 30% + when games start.Batteries are you worried about your phone battery too Auto-start to fast through draining applications? After the cleaning thesis to increase and powerful applications your battery of car clean (clean and boost) draining, the applications will overwinter and the phone battery life will last longer.High saving usage notificationIf your phone memory usage is high, the automatic clean will inform your cell phone With a single push button.
New Cadillacs Dinosaurs Guide The real guide play games Cadillacs and Dinosaurs, I believe that the game carries a lot of childhood memories 1980'.Juego arcade, ghosts and goblins, and so on, in our memories of Cadillacs Dinosaurs. in 1993, a dinosaur theme very popular in the gaming world, and this is precisely the free arcade app "dinosaur" as a prototype to hit, to win the majority of gamers prop love. Cadillacs and Dinosaurs, is an arcade game released in Japan by Capcom in 1993.The game could be played by three players at once, guiding their selected characters through eight stages, battling various enemies and bosses Cadillacs Dinosaurs. There are four playable characters cadillacs dinosaurs, each with their own strengths and weaknesses Cadillacs Dinosaurs: Jack (balanced type), Hannah (skill type), Mustapha (speed type), and Mess (power type).This app you find details about this nice game cadillacs dinosaurs, moves list, characters, enemies and moreDISCLAIMER** This app is an unofficial Cadillacs and Dinosaurs only.** This app is not authorized, created, associated, affiliated, endorsed, sponsored or approved by the creator of the application.** This app complies with US Copyright law guidelines of "fair use".If you feel that there is a direct copyright or trademark violation that doesn't follow within the "fair use" guidelines, please contact us.
Usb OTG Reader OTG Disk Explorer lets you to read USB flash drives .as well as card readers from your phone  or tablets. All you have to do is connect the flash drive to an OTG (On-the-go) cable then plug in the micro USB connector of your tablet, or mouse or wifi adapter  then open this app you will see all files in USB drive and you can open them with your favorite app viewers or editors. Current support FAT32 disk format of flash drives. Note; Lite version limit single file size to 30mb, if you need to open file larger than 30mb, please consider OTG Disk Explorer Pro.1 Automatically start app on device connect.2 Automatic mount .3 Mount and Unmount drive with a single click.4 Full NTFS support.5 exFAT support! .6 Notification when drives mounted!.7 Load modules required automatically.8 Option to enable utf-8 mode .9 Automatically open the mounted drive 10 Media scanner triggered on mount ...
Google Cardboard Google Cardboard brings virtual reality directly to your smartphone. With the Cardboard app you can start your favorite VR experiences, discover new apps and set up a VR glasses. Also try the included demos: • Earth Fly with Google Earth, where your imagination leads you. • Tour guide Visit Versailles with a local guide. • My Videos Watch your videos on a massive screen. • Exhibit Bestaune works of art from any angle. • Photo Sphere Enjoy the 360-degree view of your 360 ° panoramas. • Arctic Journey Fly with sea tels along the coast, plant your own flower garden, relax under the northern lights and much more. For the full enjoyment you need a virtual reality glasses. See http://g.co/cardboard for more information. There you can also buy a VR glasses. Share your experience with the Google+ community at http://g.co/cardboarddevs. By using this app, you accept Google's Terms of Service (http://www.google.com/accounts/TOS), Google's general privacy policy (http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy /) As well as the additional conditions below. This app is a service within the meaning of the Google Terms of Service, and the terms of the software in our services are also applicable to the use of this app. Do not use the app while driving, walking, or in other situations where a distraction from your real environment keeps you from observing traffic rules and safety regulations.
Root All Devices - simulator Supersu Root android without PC for all devices. EASY, SECURE AND FAST!!!Android Root methods for all smartphones and tablets, also it include Supersu and superuser checker toolSTEPS: 1. CLICK ROOT.2. GET THE AVAILABLE ROOTING METHODS FOR IT3. ROOT YOUR ANDROID WITH THE STEPS OF ONE OF ROOTING METHODS4. Supersu will be noticed.NOTES* Don´t use KingRoot method for Android 6.0FEATURES:* Includes all Root Android without PC methods and more.* Includes a ROOTING CHECKER TOOL.* Basic information about root.* Includes easier Roots methods not the KingRoot method.* Advantages and Disadvantages.This app lets you connect to our DATABASE OF ROOTING METHODS available for YOUR ANDROID phone or tablet.This app is just a prank.Lets you to find available rooting guides for your Android phone or tablet. It detects automatically the brand,model and Android version of your Android device. Furthermore, it includes a tool to LET YOU KNOW IF YOUR DEVICE IS ROOTED CORRECTLY.
Fan Subway Surfers Walkthrough Fan Subway Surfers Walkthrough Application Guide and steps To the subway Surfers (Cheats Codes) is a new application that contains tips, walk through and traps that are very complete because of the tips and tricks we have collected special for you a beginner subway surfers. In this app you can feel best experience for playing this game.there are many features in this application,including the number of complete tips and walkthrough in playing the game subway surfer, be a new player that is reliable in playing this game. I trust this application Fan Subway Surfers Walkthrough will helping you and have a good times for playing this fun game Subway Surfers of your children.The best guide goal for subway surfers here is an all informal guide for subway surfers is just guide tips and gold, this is the best for apprentice playing of game Subway surfers.Features :**Tips, Tricks, Game Help and Info subway surfers**Walkthrough to Get High Scores (Over 1 Million!)**Walkthrough to Complete Daily Challenges or Missions*** Disclaimer/Legal Notice ****:This is NOT an Official Guide. The application name is the property of their respective owners. This is NOT a Cheats for the game, NOT an Official App. We made this App only as a FREE FAN APP with no cheats, only for those who wants to enjoy the Game. If there is any trademark or copyright violation that does not follow within the Fair Use, please contact us and we will immediately take action on it.
AZ Plugin 2 (newest) AZ Plugin 2 is used for video editing in AZ Screen Recorder. With this plugin installed, AZ Screen Recorder can provide the best quality of video editor, including:- Trim/cut video with highly correct timing- Crop area of video.- Smoother GIF converter.- Replace audio with mp3 and other formats.- Add stickers to video.- Compress video (reduce file size).- Adjust volume of recorded videos.- Add texts to video.- Merge videos.- New features are coming soon.If you have any feedback, please send an email to az.screen.recorder@gmail.com
Usb OTG Reader Pro OTG Disk Explorer  READER PRO its an great APP that  lets you read files on USB flash drives and CABLE OTG SUPPORT  ! as well as card readers from your phone or tablets. All you have to do is connect the flash drive to an OTG (On-the-go) cable then plug in the micro USB connector of your NEXUS or android mobile or tablet. or mouse or wifi adapter then open this app you will see all files in USB drive and you can open files with your favorite app viewers or editors It Works good . Current support FAT32 disk format of flash drives, Note; Lite version limit single file size to 30mb! if you need to open file larger than 30mb; please consider OTG Disk Explorer Pro;     After loading of the application, it is necessary to change OTG operation mode for connection of an external disk, for this purpose it is necessary to press the OTG mode host button. It is possible to connect an external disk or the USB stick further if it it wasn't made yet, and to press the Mount button then on the screen the attached devices will appear. For an output of more detailed information it is possible to use the Mounted button.You can :+ Automatically start app on device connect.+ Automatic mount .+ Mount and Unmount drive with a single click.+ Full NTFS support.+ exFAT support! .+ Notification when drives mounted!.+ Load modules required automatically.+ Option to enable utf-8 mode .+ Automatically open the mounted drive 10 Media scanner triggered on mount
Wifi Connecter Library An OPEN SOURCE library which allows you to connect to Wi-Fi hotspots. This is NOT a standalone application. It is required by Wifi Analyzer and more. Do NOT install until required! Thanks.The source code:  https://github.com/mkch/android-wifi-connecter
Super hero & princess for kids This is a new application for kids with superhero and Princess Elza frozen in real life, now you can watch totenpool games and superman videos on your smartphone, This is a smart application for boys. Super Hero Videos and Spiderman Videos is a fun video, you can watch all your favorite hero episodes and love stories for peppa pig and frozen elsa videos. Hulk and Joker are included in this superhero video, Little Girls Love All Princesses Like Forzen Elza the Snow Queen, your sister Anna and Cindrella, discover a lot of deadpool games, spiderman games and peppa pig.
Manatee Works Barcode Scanner Download our Barcode Scanner SDK demonstration for your mobile Android device to see how the powerful Manatee Works Barcode Scanner SDK can add new interactivity to your Android apps and enable a host of marketing, industry, and enterprise automatic identification and data capture (AIDC) workflows. Explore firsthand the superior price/performance ratio available from the Manatee Works Barcode Scanner SDK for Android app integration.Our API delivers outstanding value to developers through four pillars: simplicity, affordability, accuracy, and speed. Simplicity - With SLOC at a fraction of open source solutions, the Manatee Works Barcode Scanner SDK lets developers forgo a steep learning curve and focus on application development. Affordability - Given multiple licensing choices, one-time payment options, rolling device licensing, NO network connectivity requirements, and NO long-term commitments, Manatee Works' decoders are more affordable, reliable, and easy to license than our commercial competitors.Accuracy - While most decoders only work well with high quality barcode images, Manatee Works' decoders are tuned to read the densest barcode images even under challenging conditions of low light, extreme angles, varying brightness and contrast levels, and inverted surfaces.Speed - The algorithms in our software achieve exceptional barcode-scanning performance and read range under a variety of lighting conditions, even with damaged barcodes. Welcome to the new breed of industrial scanners. The Manatee Works Barcode Scanner SDK library supports all major barcode symbologies, including Aztec Code, Codabar, Code 11, Code 25 (Interleaved, Industrial and ITF-14), Code 39, Code 93, Code 128, Data Matrix, DotCode, EAN, ISBN, GS1 Databar, MaxiCode, MSI Plessey, PDF417, Postal Code, QR Code (Micro and Standard), and UPC barcode types, as well as all GS1 specific sub types like GS1 QR Code, GS1 DataMatrix and GS1-128.The Manatee Works Barcode Scanner SDK supports the most powerful cross-platform development frameworks, including: Xamarin, Cordova, PhoneGap, Ionic, Meteor, Titanium Appcelerator, MobileFirst, and more.You can add powerful software plugins to the Manatee Works Barcode Scanner SDK at no additional cost when you purchase an SDK license. Plugins include industry standard parsers (AAMVA, GS1, IUID, Structured Carrier Messages, and more!), scan metrics, or the Aimer Plugin software.Put us to the test in your real-world conditions and use cases.To learn more, contact us via email at sales@manateeworks.com or visit www.manateeworks.com.
Learn Magic Tricks Learn Magic Tricks is a free application with lots of Magic Tricks videos to help you understand the secret behind magic tricks and learn to do it yourself and be a small magician of street magic shows or small occasions.Disclaimer: Learn Magic Tricks Videos are fetched from publically available videos in YouTube. Copyright for the videos belongs to the uploaders of respective videos or to the original creators.
Temple Run 2 Tips Temple Run 2Play Secret This is a guide that contains internal tips and tactical run gauge. You can use it to better understand the gameplay work of Temple 2. This book has the basics of playing Temple. Run 2 and also delves into some of the strategies you need to have in Mind to enjoy the Temple game that runs on your device. Do not miss out on the incredible experience everyone is playing. Temple Run 2Walkgthrough for Temple Run 2 is all you need to know for Temple Run 2 players! All information for Endless Temple Run. 2 Instructions on Frosted Shadows. Tutorials, Tips, Techniques, Tricks, Tricks, Cheats and Secrets will be displayed in this application. Tip Temple Run 21. How to play Tample Run 22. Trick Interesting secret 3 Hiden Tricks Temple Run Techniques 24. Make a list of all Temple Run 2 strategies. Unlimited Temple Run 2 *** DISCLAIMER *** 1 This app is an unofficial form and is not acceptable by or related to the production of this diversion or licensor. 2. This app is in compliance with the rules. Of us copyright law for proper use. This app is not a part of any theme park, or it has diversion screenshots, unique content portrayals. The characters, place names, and parts of the computer games listed in this application are the trademarks of their respective owners. If you feel there has been a copyright infringement or a trademark that does not occur within the reasonable usage rules, please contact us specifically to investigate. This application is only an informational application and TEMPLE RUN 2 application does not support this application.
Guide Need for Speed No Limits Guide for Game Need for Speed No Limits walkthrough, tips & tricks, secrets, and more for all game fans! Need For Speed game is pretty aggressively free-to-play. We can guarantee that it’s an amazing ride that we’re talking about here. One that draws you in easily and keeps you hooked, but one that can’t be mastered so easily – and to help you get there, we’ve decided to share some Need For Speed No Limits cheats and tips to unlock all cars, win all races, rule the underground and everything else. Hope you’re ready for this because it’s a real thrill ride we’re about to embark on! Guide Need for Speed No Limits tricks, Guide Need for Speed No Limits strategy, Guide Need for Speed No Limits how to play, etc.This app is not OFFICAL This app make by fan Need for Speed to make the beginer to professional
Eye Localization The goal of the Eye Loc application is to localize the eye centers of a person the camera is capturing, in real time. It is based on a computer vision algorithm that exploits the chrominance information of the eye and the radial symmetry of the iris in order to localize the eye centers. The algorithm makes use of OpenCV, an open source computer vision and machine learning software library. Face detection is performed using the OpenCV’s built-in face detector. The application works optimally in well-illuminated environments, where images with good contrast levels are captured.  If you have any questions, or found a bug, please send an email to the address below.APPLICATION AREASThe Eye Loc application is released to demonstrate the eye localization functionality in handheld devices. Its development was initiated as part of a project to develop a robust eye localization platform based on low cost hardware, with the ambition to integrate its functionality in other applications such as: • Eye typingThe eye typing feature uses the direction of the gaze and eye blinks to compose messages or perform other actions. The ultimate goal is to assist people with ALS, lock-in syndrome, tetraplegia or any other person that can only move their eyes with using their handheld device to communicate, browse the Internet or facilitate other everyday tasks.• Smart scrolling Similar to Samsung’s Smart Scroll feature which currently relies on face recognition and tilt (http://mashable.com/2013/03/14/smart-scroll/), smart scrolling can be further optimized by sensing the change of the direction of the gaze.• Spoof proof face unlockThe face unlock feature can be usually spoofed using a photo of the owner (http://www.geek.com/android/android-face-lock-feature-spoofed-by-photograph-1440953/). Face unlock can be rendered more reliable by introducing a ‘liveness check’: once a face is verified, the user is required to follow a randomly moving dot with his eyes.• Estimation of gaze direction for driver assistanceBy mounting the mobile phone on a vehicle’s dashboard, a gaze estimation application could monitor and evaluate the driver’s vigilance, by determining whether the driver’s focus of attention is on the road.• Usability evaluationsEye movements and fixations provide an indication of the amount of cognitive processing a display requires and hence how easy it is to process, which leads to the potential use of eye tracking to contribute towards the assessment of the usability of user interfaces.
Quran for Muslims: Tafsir Koran Quran Pro app is a collection of the best Koran reciters, offering a great design of user interface and the best features. ● Two English translations (Dr. Mohsin, Mahmood & Yusuf Ali), and 20 other languages ​​(Albanian, Tamazight, Bengali, Bosnian.) ● World-renowned reciters, including Abdul Rahman Al-Sudais, Sheikh Mishary Rashid Alafasy, Cheikh Saad al Ghamedi , Bulgarian, Chinese, Dutch, French, German, Hindi, Indonesian, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Malaysian, Norwegian, Persian, Polish, Portuguese, Romanian, Russian, Sindhi, Somali, Spanish, Swedish, Turkish, Urdu, Uzbek) Arabic Tafsir Jalalayn ● English transliteration ● Option to display all translations together with the full Arabic text in high resolution Quran Pro app is free and without restrictions.With Quran Pro app you can also: + The Holy Koran in Arabic together with a translation Read (French, English or even with explanations and meanings) + Mark your favorites and reciters with bookmarks + Download recitations from more than 50 recorders + Share content with family and friends + Koranic voices + Play with replay and shuffle function + Play audio files in the background while watching your iPhone / iPad Use + AirPlay Support + Timer to stop recitationsThe Koran القرآن meaning "recitation"; Is the central religious text of Islam, which was revealed to Muhammad by Allah ا الله. The app has been read and followed by Muslims around the world. The app has been: + Redesigned: now faster, easier, better and nicer user interface. + Optimized for Retina display of the new Android.Usage application requires an internet connection via WLAN or 3G , If you have not downloaded Suren.Probleme, feedback or comments? Please contact us directly.
🎉 Top Happy Birthday Songs 🎉 Share wonderful happy birthday songs Free ( Happy Birthday Song versions ) for your friends and family!Enjoy with amazing music ( happy birthday music 2017 ) with different songs and langauges (Happy birthday - kid’s songs, funny birthday songs, romantic happy birthday song, Happy Birthday Greetings, funny music, Arab music…Etc) you can also set happy birthday alarm ringtone.Happy birthday songs to send on : Messages, Facebook, Whatsapp, Skype, SMS to your family ( Dad, Daughter, Grandson, granddaughter, husband, nephew, Son, Wife, Sister, Niece, Nephew.Happy Birthday Ringtones & Songs are in 15 languages : English, French ( Francais ), German, Italian, Arabic, Turkish, Spanish, Japanese, Russian.Choose and send some of these wonderful happy birthday songs and games original like : the Techno version, House, Instrumental.Everyone love little surprises, so make yourself happy or someone by sending them a small gift!Wish a happy birthday with wonderful and funny birthday music ‘happy birthday singing’ “Funny ringtones, cool ringtones, and cool music ) ! Surprise people you love with sweet and beautiful songs! These free birthday songs  will make your friends smile and you will show for them how much you care!This is just what you needed after making a good cake and buying candles! Get it free, enjoy happy birthday song mp3 and join the new Happy Birthday song generation (free happy birthday song, funny birthday songs, music for happy birthday).Surprise your daddy, mom, sister, husband or wife with love and show them that you think of them.Play the new and fun birthday song, free happy birthday song.Let's sing Happy Birthday to you! Get the birthday song spirit. Get with the new way to send birthday wishes.Download happy birthday app, best app of best happy birthday song (music happy birthday, happy birthday song original, today and celebrate a special day with every one and everywhere whenever you need it!!!Next apps will be Happy Birthday Songs by Name and happy birthday alarm (happy birthday alarm ringtone). An original free Birthday song.★ ★ Features and functionalities ★ ★ ◄Possibility to choose your favorite Happy Birthday Song, and set it as ringtone Caller, SMS, alarm ringtone or custom contact ringtone. happy birthday songs free download.◄ Timer to play sounds and best free birthday songs , unlimited playback of songs and a variety of ready playlists (funny birthday songs, romantic happy birthday song, happy birthday daughter, happy birthday daddy).◄Quick access to all the happy birthday singing: best happy birthday song. ◄ Possibility to share free birthday songs or the entire app via email, message or social networks.◄Research of free happy birthday songs free download by title of songs or artist.◄Easy app:  happy birth song, songs interactive with all android devices.◄You can control the music volume from within the app. Play control lets you quick skip or go back to a previous song “birthday songs list”, as well as pause and resume play.
Twitter Authentication First thing first.Credits - Twitter Inc.&Thanks to the user who installed our app and support with there 5 (* * * * * )rating with valuable review...This is a simple App...., anyone who is having twitter account can able to see Tweets by entering #TagReached 1,00,000+ downloads Keep increasing the "0's count..... Thank you one and all for your 5 star support...
Face Recognition Face detection and recognition is a good application to detect and train the real time facial recognition. We can detect faces and train the faces with their information.  To train the faces, we press on button Train, then fill information of id, name, gender, telephone number. Name is compulsory and unique, but id, gender, telephone is optional. "Rec" button will appear. Focus on one face at a time and press "Rec" button to record the face. Press "Rec" button several time to record different movement of the faces. Last, press "Stop training" button. To add more different faces to the same person, press "train" button and just input their name as previously input. Then focus on a face and press "Rec" button. Training more faces makes the recognition better.After training the faces (of more than two people), we can later search who the face belongs to. Result will display the information of the person. You can view people you have trained with the top left button. Back and front camera are supported to make it easier and more fun experience. Have fun detecting the faces and save the faces of your friends and acquaintances. Enjoy! Please rate it if you like it. ***** Features: *****	- Detect faces: find where the faces are	- Save the faces on the phone	- Train faces with info: record several faces and its info such as id, name, gender, telephone	- Search and recognize the faces in real time: focus on one face at a time	- Result with probability icon 	- View all faces that you have trained	- Front and back cameraPlease note that you may need to install OpenCV library package.
Pashto library Pashto Library -	Library divided into multiple categories.-	Contains different media types.-	Cultural and historical media.-	Bookmark support.-	Download Full Title at once or an index item at time.-	Audio, video and book players for easy exploring.-	Search by tags.-	Simple and easy interface, making it better and user friendly with daily updates.-	Daily library update.
phone tracker - location This is a Phone tracker or Location tracker for Tracking the movement of your phone or device. Install this App to your target phone to track its location.Alternative usage could be to place a phone into your car to track its location. Help keep track of your kids or aged parents. Once installed the app and set area with alert target. your phone number in app and app will run hidden in the background. You will get exact location of targeted person via SMS if your target people go out of the set boundaries in MAP. To stop the tracking just uninstall the app.Features :    enable / disable Geo fence.    set alert target with phone number.    set time frequency to get location info via SMS – Admob intersitials ads in every 60 mins.    easy to cusomize – slide menu option.
Tube Made 2017 Version Enjoy Your favorite Movies & Videos on the Go with Tube Made . An amazing app that let you enjoy Music and movies that are in your gallery.Features-*  Simple & Elegant Design* Push Notificationwe hope that you will like our Tube made app and give us your valuable feedback.
SDcards Recovery SDcard Recovery application help you to Recovery data on SD Card. When you have problem on any memory card data loss, like SD card, Compact Flash card, Memory Stick, Multi Media card, Secure Digital Card, Smart Media, SDcard Recovery application had prepared for you. All free.Memory Card Recovery Advisor for common memory Card Data Loss cases such as:- Accidently deleted data pictures files folders videos from memory cards of Cell Phone or Camera SD cards- Formatted Memory Card- Erased Memory Card Photos- Videos Recovery from Memory Card- Corrupted memory card data recovery
VR Camera,VR CAM This is  a VR camera APP which is of  high technology , wonderful image modes and panoramic functions are supported ! you can hung them under the celling, put on the wall and on desk. Welcome to download and experience !
Al Quran audio and video MP3 Quran FreeThe easiest ever for streaming (HQ) High Quality MP3 Quran files for alot of reciters:)Available reciters are over 20, The most famous are:Sura Qaf, Sura Al Dhariyat, Sura Al Tur, Sura Al Najm, Sura Al Qamar, Sura Al Rahman, Sura Al Waqiah, Sura Al Hadid, Sura Al Mujadalah, Sura Al Hashr, Sura Al Mumtahanah, Sura Al Saff, Sura Al Jumuah, Sura Al Munafiqun, Sura Al Taghabun, Sura Al Talaq, Sura Al Tahrim, Sura Al Mulk, Sura Al Qalam, Sura Al Haqqah, Sura Al Maarij, Sura Nuh, Sura Al Jinn, Sura Al Muzammil, Sura Al Mudaththir, Sura Al Qiyamah, Sura Al Insan, Sura Al Mursalat, Sura Al Naba, Sura Al Naziat, Sura Abasa, Sura Al Takwir, Sura Al Infitar, Sura Al Mutaffifin, Sura Al Inshiqaq, Sura Al Buruj, Sura Al Tariq, Sura Al Ala, Sura Al Ghashiyah, Sura Al Fajr, Sura Al Balad, Sura Al Shams, Sura Al Layl, Sura Al Duha, Sura Al Inshirah, Sura Al Tin, Sura Al Alaq, Sura Al Qadr, Sura Al Bayyinah, Sura Al Zalzala, Sura Al Adiyat, Sura Al Qariah, Sura Al Takathur, Sura Al Asr, Sura Al Humazah, Sura Al Fil, Sura Quraysh, Sura Al Maun, Sura Al Kawthar, Sura Al Kafirun, Sura Al Nasr, Sura Tabbat, Sura Al Ikhlas, Sura Al Falaq, Sura Al Nas,Sura Yunus, Sura Hud, Sura Yusuf, Sura Al Rad, Sura Ibrahim, Sura Al Hijr, Sura Al Nahl, Sura Bani Israil, Sura Al Kahf, Sura Maryam, Sura Ta Ha, Sura Al Anbiya, Sura Al Hajj, Sura Al Muminin, Sura Al Nur, Sura Al Furqan, Sura Al Shuara, Sura Al Naml, Sura Al Qasas, Sura Al Ankabut, Sura Al Rum, Sura Luqman, Sura Al Sajdah, Sura Al Ahzab, Sura Al Saba, Sura Al Malaika, Sura Ya Sin, Sura Al Saffat, Sura Al Sad, Sura Al Zumar, Sura Al Mumin, Sura Ha Mim, Sura Al Shura, Sura Al Zukhruf, Sura Al Dukhan, Sura Al Jathiyah, Sura Al Ahqaf, Sura Muhammad, Sura Al Fath, Sura Al HujuratUrdu, Hindi, Punjabi, Sindhi, English and many other languages, more than fifty five reciters are available for listen online and for download.Download Sura Al Fatihah, Sura Al Baqarah, Sura Al Imran, Sura An Nisa, Sura Al Maidah, Sura Al Anam, Sura Al Araf, Sura Al Anfal, Sura Al Tawbah,
IP Pro IP Pro IPC Pro，24 Hour Remote Video Surveillance Moblie ApplicationConcise and fashion GUI,  Multi-image  and real- time preview, QR scan, PTZ control, video capture, recording backup. More functions are waiting for you,just download it
OpenCV Manager OpenCV library is used by other applications for image enhancement, panorama stitching, object detection and recognition, etc. OpenCV Manager provides the best version of the OpenCV for your hardware. It also receives the latest stability and performance updates for the library.
HDMI Reader OTG Disk Explorer lets you to read USB flash drives and show in tv  .as well as card readers from your phone or tablets. All you have to do is connect the flash drive to an OTG (On-the-go) cable then plug in the micro USB connector of your tablet, or mouse or wifi adapter then open this application you will see all files in USB drive and you can open them with your favorite app viewers or editors,  please consider OTG Disk Explorer Pro!Use your phones IR blaster to change inputs on your Auvio HDMI switcher;No more hunting for lost remotes, just use this application;The home screen widget allows quick switching of video sources without needing to open the app;Compatible with 2 and 4 input switchers;Also allows you to toggle the power on your switcher;1 Automatically start app on device connect!2 Automatic mount at TV and watching Movie and Football match!3 Mount and Unmount drive with a single click!4 Notification when drives mounted!!5 Load modules required automatically!6 Automatically open the mounted drive 10 Media scanner triggered on mount ...
Lock Screen & Live Wallpaper A beautiful lock screen with live wallpaper theme for your android smart phone!
Plugin Notifications You need to activate this service if you want to receive notifications in Smart Launcher.NOTE 1: You need the latest version of SL installed to use this plugin. Please don't complain if you are using a illegal version!NOTE 2: Samsung talkback issue:Android Apps settings –> All Apps -> Samsung TTS engine -> Disable.NOTE 3: In android there is no way to intercept notifications, we can only use an accessibility service as workaround. Doing this require some additional permission. I encourage you to check it from yourself on google, otherwise if you don't trust me please don't install this app.
TF: Classic LED luminaire The "classic LED luminaire" is an add-on module for Tiny Flashlight and does not function independently. The classic LED luminaire is available to the fans of the old design of Tiny Flashlight v4.x. ** Note: Press and hold the light button to enter the change mode. In the change mode, you can move the lights. The lamp in the initial position is automatically loaded when the program is started. This allows you to select your default light. Features: * Displays the battery status * Can control the LED brightness on some HTC and Motorola devices * The latest modification supports advanced Android devices with 1080p screen resolution. * Runs on PC trays * Full access and Control cross navigation (non-contact)
Top Voice Changer Calls Record your voice, apply effects and share them with your friends. Available effects: - Helium Giant Robot Cave Monster Nervous - Drunk Squirrel Kid - The Death Backward Grand Canyon
New Dream League Soccer Tips New Dream League Soccer Tips Here is a unofficial 100 % , this app is just tips and tricks. You may find some information useful here. This is a perfect for beginner and intermediate player*** DISCLAIMER ***1. this app is an unofficial form and is not embraced by or associated with the maker of this diversion or its licensers.2. this app conforms to the us copyright law rules for reasonable use.3. this app does not duplicate any part of the amusement or contain screenshots of the diversion, just unique content portrayals.4. all characters, their names, places, and different parts of the computer game depicted inside this application are trademarked by their individual proprietors.5. if you feel there an immediate copyright or trademark infringement that does not take after inside the reasonable use rules, please get in touch with us specifically to examine.6. this is just a casual informative application and it is not supported by the developers of Tuber Simulator application.
Rising Star Voting Rising Star App is an Best Live Rising Star App where you can Vote your favorite Judge as well as your favorite singer.Features- Live Voting System with Resultrising star Vote to JudgeNote-  We are not providing live Rising star. This app is just for rising star fans. just for entertainment
Green Flame Maker + Themes A beautiful launcher and GO design inspired by nature, with fractal shapes and a unique style on the app icons, abstract wallpaper, folder and app drawer interface. Get it now and have a whole new makeover of yours The GreenFlame Launcher has a simple interface: * Quick and simple user interface: no complicated options, no clutter, just a nice start screen * Support for your widgets * Drag and drop folder management * A minimalist live wallpaper * Access to thousands of themesThe GreenFlame launcher Can also apply themes from most other carrier rockets - try and see for yourself! --- How to use the application --- Download -> Press Open and follow the instructions --- How to change the wallpaper - --Open Green Flame -> Press Set Wallpaper -> choose one of the green flame wallpaper, there are different styles to choose from , Such as neon glow or even a pixel mode --- How to apply the Live Wallpaper --- Open Green Flame -> Press Live Wallpaper Frequently Asked Questions: --- Can I apply the theme to my tablet? Yes, Because the theme is in a high-definition format --- Is the application available in more languages ​​Yes, our applications are all translated into 50+ different languages ​​The green flame will not affect your battery life, it is a very light, But powerful launcher. We hope, however, that it helps with your travel planning. This review is the subjective opinion of a TripAdvisor member and not of TripAdvisor LLC Was this review helpful? Yes View profile Send message Compliment reviewer Report problem with review CHECK RATES! Support!
Plugin Extra This app works only with Smart LauncherThis plugin will enable Smart Launcher to use some extra features. Actually you need this plugin to turn off the screen with a double tap using Smart Launcher. The plugin is very lightweight (only few kb) and doesn't influence battery life and memory usage. PLEASE NOTE: SL extra requires some advanced permission (just to turn off the screen indeed). So after enabling it, you won't be able to uninstall this app unless you disable it in the SL's preferences. Then you will be able to uninstall this app like every other app. Here is a video tutorial:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lV7cjqdWXroIf you think this procedure is too hard for you, just don't install this app. You will still be able to use the most part of the Smart Launcher features.
9apps top Now you can explore the top and the best app on google play store9Apps pro saves storage for your device. Meanwhile,you can find all apps in here and download them all,in many categorize, videos and pictures , and music apps . everything is hereNew 9Apps market provides you the top new free android apps pro on google play,it becomes more efficient for you to discover popular apps and games of high quality from Google With Fun Market Apps from 9Apps market you can find new and the best free android apps on google play store at one place.You will check every app ranked in all countries and top ranked app and you will find many categories like play store google, you will explore the and new and top app every day.*Please kindly note that according to Google Play Developer Policy, all downloading or update is redirecting to Google Play.Suédois:Nu kan du utforska den övre och den bästa app pro på Google Play Store9Apps sparar lagring för enheten. Under tiden hittar du alla appar i här och ladda ner dem alla, i många kategorisera , videor och bilder och musik appar. allt är härNew 9Apps marknaden ger dig de bästa nya fria Android-appar på Google Play, det blir mer effektivt för dig att upptäcka populära appar och spel med hög kvalitet från GoogleMed Fun Market Apps från 9Apps kan du hitta nya och bästa gratis Android-appar på Google Play butik på en place.You kommer att kontrollera varje app market rankad i alla länder och topprankade app och du hittar många kategorier som Play Store Google, kommer du utforska och nya och topp app varje dag.* Vänligen observera att enligt Google Play-utvecklare policy all nedladdning eller uppdatering omdirigeras till Google Play.Japonais:이제 Google Play 스토어에서 최고의 앱을 탐색 할 수 있습니다.9Apps는 장치의 저장 공간을 절약합니다. 한편, 여기에있는 모든 앱을 찾아서 다운로드 할 수 있으며 많은 카테고리, 동영상 및 그림, 음악 앱으로 분류됩니다. 모든 것이 여기에있다.새로운 9 앱 시장은 Google에서 최고의 새로운 무료 안드로이드 앱을 제공합니다. Google에서 인기있9 앱의 재미있는 마켓 앱을 사용하면 한 곳에서 Google Play 스토어에서 새로운 최고의 무료 안드로이드 앱을 찾을 수 있습니다. 모든 국가 및 상위 순위 앱에 순위가 매겨진 모든 앱을 확인하고 Google Play 스토어와 같은 다양한 카테고리를 찾을 수 있습니다. 매일 새로운 앱을 탐색 해보세요.* Google Play 개발자 정책에 따라 모든 다운로드 또는 업데이트가 Google Play로 리디렉션됩니다. Espagnol : Ahora puede explorar la aplicación superior y la mejor en la tienda de Google Play9Apps guarda almacenamiento para su dispositivo. Mientras tanto, puedes encontrar todas las aplicaciones aquí y descargarlas todas, en muchas categorizar, videos e imágenes, y aplicaciones de música. Todo está aquíEl nuevo mercado de 9Apps te ofrece las mejores aplicaciones Android gratuitas en Google Play, y se vuelve más eficiente descubrir aplicaciones populares y juegos de alta calidad de GoogleCon Fun Market Apps de 9Apps puede encontrar nuevas y las mejores aplicaciones Android gratis en la tienda de Google Play en un lugar. Usted verificará cada aplicación clasificada en todos los países y la aplicación mejor clasificado y encontrará muchas categorías como jugar a la tienda google, usted Explorar la aplicación nueva y superior todos los días.* Tenga en cuenta que de acuerdo con la Política de desarrolladores de Google Play, todas las descargas o actualizaciones están redirigidas a Google Play.今あなたはGoogleプレイストアでトップと最高のアプリを探索することができます9Appsは、デバイスのストレージを節約します。 一方、ここにあるすべてのアプリを見つけて、それらをすべて、多くのカテゴリ、ビデオ、写真、音楽アプリでダウンロードできます。 すべてがここにあります新しい9Apps市場では、Google Playでトップの新しい無料アンドロイドアプリが提供され、Googleから人気のあるアプリやゲームを高品質で見つけられるようになりましたあなたがすべての国とトップランクのアプリにランクされているすべてのアプリをチェックし、あなたはプレイストアのGoogleのような多くのカテゴリを見つけるでしょう、9Appsからおもしろマーケットアプリケーションとあなたは1つの場所でGoogleプレイストアで新しく最高の無料のアンドロイドアプリを見つけることができます 毎日新しいアプリやトップアプリを探そう。* Google Playデベロッパーポリシーに基づき、ダウンロードや更新がすべてGoogle Playにリダイレクトされていることにご注意ください。
Guide For Game Surfers Subway Guide For Game Surfers Subway: You can read about this game for complete mission. Read about the game Subway Surfers game and know the pros and cons of the game. Go through the Walkthrough of the game Subway Surfers and know the tips to continue in this game. Know the features of this game and read the full review of the Subway Surfers.Subway Surfers is a third person endless running game similar to Temple Run. The inspector and his dog are the prowling of the subway routes, but you and your friends are bent on getting your graffiti on the walls. The fuzz invariably stumbles over your artworks and enters an epic endless running scenario where you slide between trains, glide over power lines, duck under street blocks and fly your hoverboard over the railroad. This guide focuses on the latest issue of the subway Sufers, titled Subway Surfer: World Tour Rome. Previously, there were Halloween, Holiday, New York and rio editions of the game. In each game the gameplay remains the same, with characters and places being exchanged - this guide will remain relevant to all versions. More information will be added as it is discovered and learn more about the game. This guide to the official fan Subway Surfers. Created and tested by a community of trained and professional players.
Yasin Audio (Abdul basit) This is an audio pack for the free application «Yasin Rahman Waqia Mulk» available on the Google Play Store. It contains all the audio files to listen to the Surahs.Thus, if you want to use this pack, you have to install the main application.If you encounter problems, contact us by email.
Rice Recipes Rice Recipes FREE Welcome! In this application you need: - Many delicious recipes for you list: Recipe: - Rice rice Rice - Rice rice Rice - Rice Rice - Rice Rice - Rice - Spinach Rice - Mex rice Rice Risotto of spring vegetables- Sticky rice and mango Egg fried rice- Spiced tomato rice- A beautiful milk rice Zingy Reissalat-Yellow Pepper Rice-Roasted Coconut Zesty Pomegranate rice- Coconut-Lime-Rice- A pan of spicy rice- In Japanese Style rice spicy Indian Rice Oriental Egg Fried Rice Lemony Mushroom Herb Rice Almond & Cinnamon Rice Mexican Red Rice Recipes- Fried Rice with Egg & Ginger Veggie Egg Fried Rice Super-Fast Indian Rice-Flavored Rice & Bean Lemony Rice and Peas Apple and Blackberry Rice Wild Rice & Feta Salad Pistachio Pilaureae- Korean Reistopf- Jeweled Wild Rice with Almonds- Totally Nose-Free Rice- Tomato-Pepper- Raid-the-Cool Pork rice Quick-fix fried rice Fruity rice with roasted cashew nuts- Wild rice salad- Zesty rice noodle salad- Mexican rice and bean salad- Warm & rice shrimp salad- Barneys Monday evening rice- Poached egg with spicy rice- saffron Wild rice apricot and orange riceYou can store and share You can make your favorite salad recipes by simply pressing the Share button to your favorite social network from this application. Have fun cooking !!!! Enjoy and rice recipes.
VR tour of Prophet Mosque Masjid Nabvi and Prophet Mosque or Masjid is established by the Prophet (peace and blessings be upon him) upon His emigration to Madina. Tour of the Prophet Mosque is the life dream of every Muslim. This is unique after the Second World's largest mosque Masjid Al-Haram in Mecca. Here is an opportunity to visit in the Masjid Nabvi and Virtual Reality. You will be close to diving in real interior Masjid. Also, Athan and Darood and Ibrahimi listen in beautiful voices. Normally Athan is called when Prayer Begins in Muslim Community. Start following this free demo and explore places. - Roza Mubarak (Scared Chamber) - Riadh ul Jannah: Frightened between Area Chamber and is known as the pulpit Riadh ul Jannah Gold Garden of Paradise- Mehrab (Prayers) - Wicker (pulpit) - Important Columns of MasjidThis demo is compatible with 4DUD VR glasses, cardboard Google, Durovis Dive, Vrase, Samsung gear VR, VR Carl Zeiss, Archos / Colorcross and other DIY Oculus Rift, HTC or Microsoft Vive Hololens,
Sound Mixer DJ Guide Sound Mixer DJ APP of How to use an audio mixer (soundboard)The first thing you need to know is that I will be dealing with moderate to large mixing desks and sound boards, with at least 10 channels (available inputs) or more. These are what you will see if you want to "run sound" for a church or venue or record music of bands, etc.You can mix and scratch your music, Sound Mixer DJ including your iTunes Music Library, using two large performance platters and a central mixer section with a crossfader, buttons and knobs. Discover DJ is laid out in to carefully recreate the two-decks-and-a-mixer setup that professional DJs prefer. On screen, the MixVibes Cross LE software is a virtual extension of the Discover DJ hardware, with two decks. Just load your tracks to either Deck A or Deck B, and then control it, cueing up the start point, performing advanced transitions and even scratching.This is a comprehensive guide into the fine art of EQing, primarily for the use of DJs. Every mixer comes fitted with an EQ, it’s one of a DJ’s core tools and understanding how to use it properly is paramount to mastering the art of mixing. We’ll discuss how a DJ uses the EQ whilst mixing, by giving you an essential foundation understanding of the science behind equalising and why it is necessary. Don’t let that phase you though, the concepts are simple and there’ll be no need for textbooks.In this instructable I am going DJ Mixing software to go through all the control features found on most mixers (mixing consoles, mixing desks, audio consoles, soundboards - they all refer to the same thing). I will start with the absolute basics: What is a mixer? A mixer, in its purest and simplest form, combines or meshes an array of inputs into a few controllable outputs (hence the name, MIXer). It is pretty much universal that mixers will have at least a volume control on the output. The vast majority will have volume or "level" controls on each input, or "channel." A great many still will have a variety of controls on each channel, from gains or trims to EQ and aux'es and buses and PFL's and more; don't worry though - I will go through each of these at least briefly. When a new sound guy looks Sound Mixer DJ at a mixer for a large church, per se, he may feel overwhelmed by the oceans of knobs that may or may not be there. But here,I will explain what these knobs do, and you will actually find them to be overwhelmingly simple.
Wifi Connect Connect wifi networks using WPS and Test if your wps is vulnerable from this algorithm (No Root)This feature was only available in version Lollipop and MarshmallowNote: if you usersing marshmallow you can turn on GPS before scan wifi
Ministro II DO NOT INSTALL THIS SERVICE UNLESS OTHER APPLICATION REQUEST IT.PLEASE DO NOT RATE THIS SERVICE IF THE OTHER APPS ARE NOT WORKING PROPERLY, BECAUSE THESE APPS ARE NOT CREATED BY ME!Ministro is a system wide Qt shared libraries installer/provider service. It acts as a bridge between other apps and (Qt) libraries.Ministro service is release under GPL v3+ license.The source code is available on KDE's git server: https://quickgit.kde.org/?p=ministro.git&a=shortlog&h=unstableThe connection API protocol used by applications to connect and query the service is released under BSD license, it mean that any application (no matter if that application is free or not) can connect and query its services.Also, be aware, this service will install/provide the free versions of Qt libraries, licensed under LGPL v2.1, LGPL v3, GPL v3.This is an add free application, please don't contact me to add any adds because I'm not going to do it.
SMS Recovery DEMO SMS Recovery DEMO checks whether it is possible to recover deleted SMS messages from your phone memory after messages have been deleted within your SMS application. Standard SMS rescue is possible at any time thanks to the intelligent integrated backup system. Deep SMS rescue is possible with so-called rooted mobiles. Checks the possible rescue accidentally deleted short messages. Forensic and sophisticated algorithms are used to search for deleted SMS patterns. No PC required.
Sad Messages There are certain days when we are inevitably sad, it may be because someone has made you feel badWhen your down and blue and want to read read mournful, melancholy, text messages; we have best sad sms*Don't require internet for messages *Copy Option *Share via SMS*Share via social platforms*Share via social message applications*A lot of  sad love messages
Juz Amma (Sura of the Koran) This application contains Juz Amma (last chapter of the Koran) and Al-Fatiha. Each sura is displayed with its original verse (in Arabic) and also with its translation and transcription. To remember: A chuz is one of 30 parts of approximately equal length, in which the Qur'an is sometimes divided. The juz that most Is often stored is "Juz Amma", which is the thirtieth part, and which begins Sura 78 (An-Naba) to Sura 114 (An-Nas), which are most of the short suras of the Koran.Juz Amma is named after the 1st. Word of the First Sure (sura 78) in this juz.
ES Chromecast plugin Chromecast plugin for ES File Explorer.You need ES File Explorer to work.This is the first version, welcome any comments, suggestions, bug reports.
Instrumental Ringtones 2017 A great collection of the most famous Bollywood instrumental ringtone (Hindi) and some of the best classical instrumental as well as some of the newest romantic instrumental music and instrumental ringtones (Hindi) are a fan of intrumental music and you wana sit down on your phone ringtone Old love songs.The new, free instrumental application of awesome and sad instrumental ringtones offers sounds of saxophone / saxophone, piano, guitar, flute, violin ... Etc. If you like rap, techno music, hip-hop, pop, jazz, rock, noisy or just quiet music and best mu-sic ringtones far from Arabic, Turkish music, Latino, Natural ringtones or others; Enjoy these soothing sounds and Android ringtone. Various sounds are here just for you like: telugu, malayalam ring tones, bhakti, kannada ring tones, marathi, new punjabi ringtone also instrumental ringtones of bollywood, english and more.Leave musical Ringtones, free instrumental mp3 download and customize your phone, identi-fy any melody like: message ringtone, music phone or phone ringtone for your incoming calls.Myxer free ringtones & popular instrumental MP3 sounds is your adorable free music application and exotic ringtones New Love & romantic ringtone instrumental) .Instrumental music sounds are carefully selected and user-friendly interface that will make this app your favorite. Check the following options: Download Top Ringtone mp3 instrumental free Do not hesitate to visit all the ringtones suggested on the application. Every kind of music is at your disposal, you can use them for sleeping, for yoga, meditation & relaxation as well as concentration to escape from everyday life.Try immediately your sounds and soft piano music! 🎹 🎷 🎷 characteristics of the best instrumental ringtones 🎹 🎻 🎻 🎵 🎵 Concentration music: Great quality of the sounds, best playlist of all time.🎵 🎵 Set the time to play music ringtones, play wonderful sounds.🎵 🎵 wonderful design of the most popular sounds without internet.🎵 🎵 Simple app of the best sounds to use. You can always share your social media with your friends.
Funny Messages Funny messages are great for bringing a bit of humor into our lives. Do not require internet for messages.They help to lighten the mood, they’re excellent for breaking the ice, and of course, they’re fun to share with friends*Copy Option *Share via SMS*Share via social platforms*Share via social message applicationsA lot of special funny messages :)
Yasin Audio (Mishary Alafasy) This is an audio pack for the free application «Yasin Rahman Waqia Mulk» available on the Google Play Store. It contains all the audio files to listen to the Surahs.Thus, if you want to use this pack, you have to install the main application.If you encounter problems, contact us by email.
Sharp Remote !!! NOTE: Sharp Remote is an application that allows you to control compatible Sharp TV devices via WLAN.Software settingsTo change the TV program on / off3DPlay input sourceAudio / Video / AV Mode switchNumber-block compatible productsAll Internet enabled Sharp TV devices that support IP control or PC control (eg LE830U / E / RU, LE831U / E / S, LE645U / E / RU, etc.) - ImportantSharp Remote only works when the mobile device and the Sharp TV Device is on the same network. It is not guaranteed that the application is compatible with other Sharp TVs. It is not guaranteed that all surface elements have a function.
Sim imei Unlocker - simulator imei unlocker | phone unlocking service is the official Android application of the imei unlock free service. It is one of the easiest and safest ways to factory unlock your phone.unlock sim card is a fully automatic system to assist in unlocking mobile phones. It was based on several years of experience ( network unlock).With imei unlock free automated processes, waiting time for the unlock code is shortened to a minimum. We invite you to familiarize with full offer of phone unlock codes.To begin, just start the application and click the unlock button from the dashboard. Select a phone maker (like SAMSUNG, HTC, Motorola, LG, Blackberry, Nokia, Huawei, Dell or ZTE), choose your carrier and insert the IMEI.We offer SIM unlock services for all models including the new ones like SAMSUNG Galaxy S7 S6 S5, SAMSUNG Galaxy Note 5 Note 4 Note 3 Note 2, HTC One M8, iPhone 5s, sony xperia , LG G3, Moto G, or Moto X sim unlock.We support phone freedom which is why our unlocking service will always be free. Enjoy it!.Download SIM Unlock Mobile Phone | Network Unlock and get started today!
Guide The Amazing Spider-Man 2 The Amazing Spider-Man 2 Guide of free is one in every of the most effective Tips & Guide the amazing spider-man2. This application contains a guide to play this game that consists of many tips and tricks to change the lovers of this game to finish everymission within the game Spider-man2. Do you like to play The Amazing Spider-Man 2?, this app is useful, Best Tips, tricks, cheats & guide for The Amazing Spider-Man 2 collect all infomations from The Amazing Spider-Man 2 games.Tips The Amazing Spider-Man 2 free is one of the best Tips & Guide.This is a guide to the game Amazing spider man new games in 2017. With the new guide for games for Android, which consists of a new tips and tricks to become Game Master Spider-man2. This will bring you more fun to play, helping you pass through many obstacles, guiding you a lot of tricks that you never know and you will win quickly .Guide to spiderman 2 is one of the best The amazing spider man 2 Tips & Guide.So transfer The Amazing Spider-Man 2 and play this game that consists of many tips and tricks to alter the lovers of this game to complete every mission within the game :-The Amazing Spider-Man 2 Best Guide-The Amazing Spider-Man 2 Strategy-The Amazing Spider-Man 2 Tips***Disclaimer***Legal Notice:	This App is an unofficial guide for the amazing spiderman 2 only, it is not authorized or created by the creator of the game. This guide application made by fans. We made this guide based on personal experience and also to help you to more easily complete the missions in the game the amazing spiderman 2This App comply with US Copyright law guidelines of “fair use”. If you feel there is a direct copyright or trademark violation that doesn’t follow within the “fair use” guidelines, please contact us directly.
Apk Installer Quick and easy way to install apk files on your sd card. Search your sd card for apps to install.Delete file (apks, folders)Email CopyInstall apksBrowse foldersSEO: apk installer, app installer, installer
Yousef_Aassidik New this app allows you to directly access the movie of prophet Yousef_Assidik best application that allows you to follow sidna yousef serie an easy application and available on android play store of google play all the episodes of serie Yousef assidiQde episode 1 until the Last 45All the history of kanaân and bano israel of mustapha zamani مسلسل سيدنا يوسف الصديقمصىفى رمانيبوتيفار الرسالة قصة سيدنا يوسففرعون بني يعقوببنو اسرائيل الكنعانيين
Fan Hay Day Walkthrough 2017 Fan Hay Day Walkthrough 2017! Do you like to play Hay Day? This app will be useful to gamers of any level anywhere - best practices, tips, walkthrough cheats to Hay Day 2.Recommendations Hay Day Game Farm were the best of all those that are present on the Internet Hay Day. Hyde Hay Day Farm solves problems connoisseurs of the game Hay Day, with them have to face non-stop both amateur and professional gamers in order to win in the Hay Day Game Walkthrough. Get real pleasure from it, because the leadership of Hay Day Supercell for free.Are you interested in a bright toy Hay Day a lot of money, then it is truly a universal step guide and walkthrough for you. No need to search for useless information Download Hay Day Money in the global network, our specialists will find the best tips, walkthrough and tricks provided by a simple passing game, as the best cheats for Hay Day game. The best guide for Hay Day games that you can found and its free. with this guide, Walkthrough we will give some tips , tricks and strategies to use on Hay Day game . and you will discovery how to Make Money VERY quickly and Fast and how to Grab Some Diamonds and how to Level Up fast. sorry we don't have method to cheats or hack but we will update guide later if we found oneNote:This application is not UNOFFICAL of Hay Day this application make by fan guide Hay Day
EidMedia Browser EidMedia Browser helps you to quickly find your search queries. You can save the pages and use this as an app. Download the EidMedia Browser now and discover many features
Pasta Recipes Pasta Recipes FREE Welcome! In this application you need: - Many delicious recipes for you list Recipe: * Pasta with creamy greens and lemon * Summer pea pasta * Ten minute noodles * Creamy salmon & sugar snap pasta * Warm sausage and broccoli Pasta salad * Pasta salad * Pasta salad * Pasta salad * Bacon, spinach and gorgonzola pasta * Silvana Mediterranean and basil pasta * Pasta blue pasta * Pasta style * Pasta noodle * Roasted aubergine, tomato and basil pasta * Tuna arrabbiata Pasta salad * Roasted ratatouille Pasta Recipes * Pasta with Pesto and fresh herbs * Deli noodle salad * zucchini, basil & almond noodles * summer veggie pasta * mussels with broccoli and anchovies * smoked trout & pea pasta * creamy pesto and chicken noodle salad * cheesy broccoli pasta bake * instant meatballs with penne noodles * pasta with ham & Minty pea pesto * Two-cheese noodle casserole * Pasta with tomato-vegetable sauce hidden * Hot-smoked salmon with creamy pasta & P With herbs and potatoes Pasta Recipes * Fusilli with gorgeous green spinach sauce * Shells with balsamico tomatoes and mozzarella * Bows with tuna, olives. * Pasta salad * Pasta salad * Lemony prawns Pasta * Hake sausage pasta * Noodles with chili tomato spinach And capers * Italian vegetable soup * leek and bacon soup * roasted peppers, tuna and olive salad * lunch box net * beany pasta pot * honey mustard chicken pasta * kale noodles with chili & anchovies * Lazy summer pasta * Lemony shrimp & peas Pasta * Pizza Noodle Salad * Squished Tomato Pasta Sauce * Spaghetti Omelette * Thick Beans, Peas & Orzo Salad * Home-from-Work Spaghetti * So-Simple Spaghetti Bolognese * Lasagna You can save and share your favorite salad recipes by clicking Simply share button to your favorite social network from this application. Great fun cooking !!!! Enjoy and pasta recipes.
Yasin Audio (Ali Al-Hudhaify) This is an audio pack for the free application «Yasin Rahman Waqia Mulk» available on the Google Play Store. It contains all the audio files to listen to the Surahs.Thus, if you want to use this pack, you have to install the main application.If you encounter problems, contact us by email.
Advanced Biology Course Review The premium version of this Biology educational application contains the following chapters:1.	Biology Terms2.	Cells Biology 13.	Cells Biology 24.	Molecular Biology 15.	Molecular Biology 26.	Molecular Biology 37.	Genes8.	Organic and Inorganic Compounds9.	Experimental Design and Photosynthesis10.	Regulatory Mechanisms in Plants and Aanimal Cells11.	Parasites and Pathogens12.	DNA 113.	DNA 214.	RNA15	Protein Synthesis 116	Protein Synthesis 217	Taxonomy18	Cells and Energy19	Energy, Control and Continuity20	Biology of Organisms21	Evolutionary Biology 122	Evolutionary Biology 2Biology is a natural science concerned with the study of life and living organisms, including their structure, function, growth, evolution, distribution, and taxonomy.[1] Modern biology is a vast and eclectic field, composed of many branches and subdisciplines. However, despite the broad scope of biology, there are certain general and unifying concepts within it that govern all study and research, consolidating it into single, coherent fields. In general, biology recognizes the cell as the basic unit of life, genes as the basic unit of heredity, and evolution as the engine that propels the synthesis and creation of new species. It is also understood today that all organisms survive by consuming and transforming energy and by regulating their internal environment to maintain a stable and vital condition.This educational & medical application is intended to CMAA Candidates but also for:NCLEX-RNNCLEX-PNNCLEXCNA,ANP - Adult Nurse PractitionerFNP - Family Nurse PractitionerA-GNP - Adult-Gero Primary Nurse PractitionerANP-BC Adult Nurse PractitionerFNP-BC Family Nurse PractitionerPNP-BC Pediatric Nurse PractitionerACNP-BC Acute Care Nurse PractitionerGNP - BC Gerontological Nurse PractitionerPMHNP-BC Adult Psychiatric and Mental Health Nurse PractitionerPMHNP-BC Family Psychiatric and Mental Health Nurse PractitionerCNRN®SCRN®and also for USMLE, COMLEX, ANCC Certification Center.This app is also suitable for  students, researchers, resident, doctors, Anatomy & physiology specialists, nurses and medical professionals and of course Medical lecturers, teachers and professors.Get a better score in your  USMLE  (step1, step2  CS & CK), PANCE, MCAT, DAT, COMLEX,CNA, OAT, NBDE,  or PCAT exam, and the most important  is to fall in love with the material, it worth all the attention.    Aerobiology – the study of airborne organic particles    Agriculture – the study of producing crops and raising livestock, with an emphasis on practical applications    Anatomy – the study of form and function, in plants, animals, and other organisms, or specifically in humans        Histology – the study of cells and tissues, a microscopic branch of anatomy    Astrobiology (also known as exobiology, exopaleontology, and bioastronomy) – the study of evolution, distribution, and future of life in the universe    Biochemistry – the study of the chemical reactions required for life to exist and function, usually a focus on the cellular level    Bioengineering – the study of biology through the means of engineering with an emphasis on applied knowledge and especially related to biotechnology    Biogeography – the study of the distribution of species spatially and temporally    Bioinformatics – the use of information technology for the study, collection, and storage of genomic and other biological data    Biomathematics (or Mathematical biology) – the quantitative or mathematical study of biological processes, with an emphasis on modeling    Biomechanics – often considered a branch of medicine, the study of the mechanics of living beings, with an emphasis on applied use through prosthetics or orthotics    Biomedical research – the study of health and disease        Pharmacology – the study and practical application of preparation, use, and effects of drugs and synthetic medicinesMolecular biology –
Aviary Effects: Classic This effects package is a plug-in that works only within Aviary's photo editing program and selected third-party apps that use Aviary's photo editing program. You can download the Aviary photo editing program here for FREE: https://play.google.com /store/apps/details?id=com.aviary.android.feather--- Enjoy the stunning visuals of 12 classics with original aviation effects. If you have any questions, please send an email to support @ aviary.com.
SYMA-FPV X5SW is an aircraft, body wear wifi launch function, you can connect the phone, use the phone to take pictures, video.
Guide for Minion Rush 2017 Minion Rush Guide 2017 Are You A True Fan of Minion Rush 2017? If you are a fan of Minion Rush, you came to the right place.Despicable Me! Help you learn how to play and get the bananas and potatoes Unlimited. Hands down, the Minions from the Universal Pictures animated movie Despicable Me are Reviews some of the cutest and Most lovable characters to come out of the big screen as of late. Minion Rush is a full guide and cheats for game Minion Rush this guide for minion rush provide all tutorials,cheats, Tricks and tips to master the game minion rush. Do want to be the best player of Despicable Me: Minion Rush game? Do you want to learn more about the game? Get this guide app now and learn a lot of tips that will help you beat every level, acquire more tokens and unlock more items of minnion rush. ★ ★ ★ NOTE ★ ★ ★This application UNOFFICIAL created by fans of minion rush . Please note - This is not a game, It's is game guide minion rush!!This guide is just made to players to learn content about the game. If you think there is the copyright or trademark infringement that does not take after inside the reasonable use rules, please contact us directly.★ ★ ★ DISCLAIMER ★ ★ ★All the game name, images, characters, logo and other details are not created by us but by their respective owners. This app follows the "fair use" guidelines by US law, if you feel there is a direct copyright or trademark violation that doesn't follow within the "fair use" guidelines, please contact us directly.
Market Helper This app is an add-on for apps created by JRummy Apps Inc. The app does not put an app icon in your app drawer. Please read the description below:This app only has one purpose - it uses the unofficial android market api to get info about other apps that are on the Google Play Store. It can get info about an app's description, category, price, etc. on the Google Play Store. The info is used in other apps (like ROM Toolbox or Ultimate Backup) to create app groups or show you additional information about one of your installed apps.The reason this is a separate app is because of the permissions it requires. This app is open source, which means you can know exactly what the app does. The permissions to your accounts is only used to generate a token used in the Android Market API. This is explained here: http://code.google.com/p/android-market-api/wiki/WithAndroidWe didn't want to just add those permissions to the main app. This same API is used by apps like Titanium Backup. We just made this a separate app so users won't complain so much about a permission being added :PIf you have any additional questions please feel free to contact us at jrummy.apps@gmail.comproject: https://bitbucket.org/JRummy16/market-api-helper
MX Player Codec (x86) MX Player Codec for x86 processors, includes Intel Atom, Intel Core family.MX Player - The best way to enjoy your movies. ** IMPORTANT NOTE: This is a software component for the MX Player. You should install the MX Player beforehand. The MX Player will test your device and then show you the most suitable codec automatically. You do not need to install codecs if MX Player does not ask you for them.
GPS Navigation Satellite GPS Navigation Satellite One of the first scientific applications of GPS was to precisely determine the position of fixed ground antennas in order to study the dynamics of the Earth surface. It was soon realised that in order to obtain the best results it would be necessary to compute very precise orbits of the GPS satellites. A number of groups started doing this and, as a result, the first orbits that were precisely obtained using GPS were those of the GPS satellites themselves.GPS Navigation Satellite systems have become so widespread that they are almost taken for granted. However, the fact that they are so useful is leading to an expansion of available systems. Several countries are working on systems so product selection may become more complicated. To start, one must have a solid understanding of how satellite navigation systems work, as well as the terminology that is commonly used when referring to the technology.
Wifi Display (Miracast) This app will open Wi-Fi Display settings if your device support it (or in other words SHORTCUT). Some devices support Wi-Fi Display, but the setting is either hidden or not present. It should also work on Samsung device now. I don't have LG device, so I can't test it.Only download this if your device support Wi-Fi Display / Miracast, but you can't find how to enable it.To Share/mirror mobile screen to SmartTV or Wifi Display dongle connected to TV, Following steps needs to performed:1. Check your TV wheather it supports Wireless Display / Miracast.2. Make sure TV is connected to the same WiFi network as your mobile device. You can't connect it with wired connection (LAN).3. Make sure your Android device version is 4.2 or higher.4. Fix Samsung S3/S4/S5 (with hdcp) devices mirror to TV / dongle (without hdcp) black screen problem5. Two independ hdcp patchs , to enable and re-start mirror 6. Mobile need ROOTED , but need NOT update ROM
Aviary Sticker: Free This sticker package is a plug-in that works only within Aviary's photo editing program and third-party apps that use Aviary's photo editing program. You can download the Aviary photo editing software here FREE: https://play.google.com/ Www.cosmetic-business.com//showarti...p?art_id=838 Offered with a selection of funny hats, eyeglasses, holsters, speech bubbles, shapes and more, this package includes many irresistible stickers that you can wear on your entire body If you have any questions, please send an e-mail to support@aviary.com.
Code Lock Lock Screen Android Lock Screen Wallpaper . Free of charge. Personalisation.We offer universal Android Lock Screen Wallpaper.  This app Contain Puzzle games And Lock Screen Functions in one. high-quality images with thematic landscape format,live wallpaper on a constant elegance and convenience.Lock Screen USE.Installation Lock Screen Wallpaper:Option А:1. Download2. HOMESCREEN - Footer menu - wallpapers - Set - Download Lock Screen Tool  - Set Lock Screen wallpapersorOption B:Main menu - Select the application wallpaper - set ordinary wallpaper.We value your feedback and alerts about problems installing or using the application - write them to us by email.supports all popular models of the major android manufacturers.
VR-Faisal Mosque Tour Have you crazed to visit the 6th largest mosque in the world in virtual reality anywhere from the world without really going there. Immerse yourself in Shah Faisal Mosque usually known as Faisal Masjid and listen to the Koran in beautiful voice by Dr. Abdul Rahman Al-Sudais for Android phones. Faisal Masjid on the capital Islamabad Pakistan ie, at the beginning of Margala Hills. Faisal Mosque is the monument to the ex King of Saudi Arabia, Shah Faisal for Pakistan and work of the Turkish architect. Its architecture is modern and unique. It has covered the area of ​​54,000 square feet. Also, recognize the beautiful interior furnishings, the highest minarets of South Asia, beautiful courtyard, adjoining grounds and flowing fountains by downloading this free application. In fact, this will be great and best app for visitors to have the craziness of adventure and unique tour for tourists. Like setting: This application is in both modes, ie VR mode and not in VR mode.VR mode: When You in your device have gyro sensor then use 4DUD or other VR headset to play this demo in virtual reality and see where you want to go and enjoy with audio recitation of the Sure Al Rahman. Not VR mode: Use joystick to control and swap to move the direction.
Audio Pack (Mishary Alafasy) This is an audio pack for the free application «Juz Amma (Suras of Quran)» available on the Google Play Store. It contains all the audio files to listen to the Surahs.Thus, if you want to use this pack, you have to install the main application.If you encounter problems, contact us by email.
Happy Birthday SMS "Happy Birthday SMS" is your new app will help you with a collection of creative wishes and messages, which you can customize, share and make your dear ones feel special.Features :- Share with family and friend on Facebook.- Sending by WhatsApp,email and SMS.- Message of the day at time you set.- Control different settings.----------------"Joyeux Anniversaire SMS" est une application qui met à votre disposition une très belle collection des messages d'anniversaire, pour partager à travers de Facebook, WhatsApp, email and SMS.Vous recherchez un petit texte d’anniversaire ? Difficile parfois de trouver l’inspiration pour écrire quelques mots !Alors pour écrire un « Joyeux anniversaire » SMS BirthDay vous propose des exemples de messages d’anniversaire
Real Hacker Demo This tool will show you how a hacker app could be. It will demonstrate the basic steps a hacker app may take to hijack the password.To understand how a hacker app could steal your password, download it and have a try. Hope you could learn something from it![This is NOT a hacker app, just to demo how a hacker app could be.]
ใหม่เคล็ดลับสำหรับ Soic Dash 2 Sonic Dash 2 or Sonic Boom 2 from SEGA Tips and Guide. You will learn how to play sonic dash2 and all the crypts in the game Sonic dash 2 . This is to help Sonic Dash 2 for how to play sonic dash and get unlimited ringtones and trolls now. Its obvious to love Sonic Dash2. Because of your love for this game we have made a Guide For Sonic Dash 2 for you. It includes tips and tricks, cheat guide, walk-through for Sonic Dash 1, Sonic Dash 2, Sonic Dash 3 and Sonic Dash 2017Instructions for Sonic Dash has been compiled tips and techniques required from multiple sources around the world and serve as a guide, all in one app sonic dash 2, you will not get sick in the beginning when the guide for sonic dash. Playing Sonic Dash forget it and start with this simple App has everything you need to know about โซนิค Sonic Dash 2. This program can be used not just for a guide, Sonic quickly installed on any mobile device, you will improve your experience when playing Sonic Dash***DISCLAIMER***Sonic Dash 2 Guide app is the only official was not authorized or created by the creator.This application complies with US Copyright law guidelines of fair use if you feel there is a direct copyright or trademark violation that does not follow within the fair use guidelines, please contact us directly.
Swivel Black Spider Application to Swivel for Black SpiderFeel and tasted the HD graphic this application** Thanks to Download **
Toyz Nerf Guns Collection This application contains Video Group Nerfvideo by Toys Nerf War Nerf Guns Nerf War Collection craziest in this application! If you love nerf guns you will like channel Nerf Guns Collection.Our epic Nerf video is loaded with Nerf guns, crazy action, and comedy bent. Whether in our Nerf video unboxing and review or we're all out Nerf gun battle action is non-stop.This is no game Nerf gun ... we play for keeps! So if you want to be prepared for Nerf Zombie Apocalypse see and learn how to be a deadly shooter.here with a video playlist in the application:- Nerf Gun Unboxing and Reviews - Gun vs Gun- NERF WAR: GUN BABY!- NERF WAR & NERF BATTLE - GUN WARS- NERF WAR FIRST PERSON SHOOTER!- NERF WAR: BATTLE RACER!- Nerf FPS: Call of Duty Black Ops | First Person Shooter- Minecraft Hunger Games: My First Time Playing- Nerf War: Halloween Horror- NERF WAR MASTER 2- NERF SPY WAR!- FREEZE Gun- PLASMA Gun- FIREBALL Gun- NERF WAR: Back to Prison!- Nerf War: The Last Bag of Popcorn!- Nerd Nerf Wars | Arquivo NerdOfficeand many moreIf you are a fan of toy guns, then this app is definitely for you! Download and have fun shopping for Toy Gun!Thank you
Face recognition Face Recognition application can start experimenting with face recognition right away.Steps to test my application:1. Install my application and run.2. Settings > choose front or back camera, number of pictures..etc3. Add Person >>a, Auto capture > Press this button, rotate your phone to landscape, enter person name and press START button.    Now your phone will capture images automaticallyb. Manually >   Press this button, rotate your phone to landscape, enter person name and press START button.    Now you could capture number of images which you choose at settings options.4.Training > we need to press Training button to process images after completed the App Person process.5. Recognition > press this button and rotate your device to landscape and Now your device camera recognize your face.I am always looking to improve my apps, and will update often based on user feedback. If you have any features you want added or issues to report, please e-mail me or leave a comment! Enjoy Facial Recognition.Tested Device : Samsung S5, S6, S7
New Mortal Kombat X Guide New Mortal Kombat X Guide free is one of the best Tips,tricks,guide and cheats Mortal kKombat X. This application contains a guide to play mortal kombat ice adventures game which consists of several tips and tricks mortal kombat to simplify the lovers of this game to complete each mission in the games Mortal Kombat.This is the guide for Mortal Kombat X, detailing all of the characters in the game, kombat including variations, costumes and fatalities. Players can also expect to find tips, tutorials for specific game modes, and a single-player story walkthrough Mortal Kombat. Mortal Kombat X is a fighting game that runs on Unreal Engine 3. It was developed by NetherRealm Studios for the android.This may be your best tutorial in the world you ever get.This application Tips Mortal Kombat X is free; therefore, it remains displayed advertising.Please, if the app you helped US Value 5 stars. Valuations are extremely important to us and allow us to constantly improve this application New Mortal Kombat X Guide.Disclaimer:In creating this unofficial guide application, we assert its rights under the "Fair Use" doctrine pursuant to United States copyright law and the equivalent in other jurisdictions. If you believe that there has been a contravention of your proprietary rights, please email details to us. This application is not endorsed by or affiliated with the creator of this game or its licensors. We are not affiliated with Mortal Kombat X in any way. All characters, their names, places, and other aspects of the game described within this application are trademarked and owned by their respective owners. This application is intended for educational purposes only.Legal Notices:This app is an unofficial Mortal Kombat X guide only, it is not authorized or created by the creator of the game.
Fan PES 2017 Walkthrough Fan PES 2017 Walkthrough For you fans of the game of this guide you should try, tips and tricks that are very complete and easy to understand. The best Guide For play PES 17 Here is a unofficial 100 % , this app is just tips, walkthrough and tricks PES 2017. You may find some information PES useful here. This is a perfect for beginner and intermediate player of PES 2017. This app you can feel best experience for playing in PES 17. You can use it during game play to practice new skill moves or offensive and defensive tactics. This new, best complete guide and walkthrough for PES2017 contains almost everything you need in order to become an expert PES 17 player! This application only guides, it is not the Game PES.For you fans of the game PES 17, you can download this application for more detailed guidance and walkthrough from beginner to expert tips, packed with very interesting and simple.- This application PES 17contains- New guide for PES 2017- Tips and tricks complete PES- Walkthrough and hint to PES 2017- And there are many other things about the game Pro Evolution Soccer 2017*** DISCLAIMER ***1. this app is an unofficial form and is not embraced by or associated with the maker of this diversion or its licensers.2. this app conforms to the us copyright law rules for reasonable use.3. this app does not duplicate any part of the amusement or contain screenshots of the diversion, just unique content portrayals.4. all characters, their names, places, and different parts of the computer game depicted inside this application are trademarked by their individual proprietors.5. if you feel there an immediate copyright or trademark infringement that does not take after inside the reasonable use rules, please get in touch with us specifically to examine.6. this is just a casual informative application and it is not supported by the developers of PES 2017 application.
Android Update Checker The project aims to provide a reusable instrument to check asynchronously if exists any newer released update of your app on the Store. This demo app shows a simple usage of the library.The source code for this application and demo is available at: https://github.com/danielemaddaluno/Android-Update-Checker
Lyrics Library Lyrics Library lets you:• Write, save, edit and read lyrics.• Search lyrics online and download.• Organize your lyrics by folder.• Backup Lyrics.Your lyrics should be put in the Lyrics Library not in notes, memos, etc.Available in English and  Spanish Language.Enjoy and wish you all the best experience.More features to come.
Live Face Detection With Live Face Detection it is possible to detect faces in real-time with the camera.After detecting the faces they are displayed separately in another screen. In this form they are cut out of the live preview and can be saved or shared with your friends!It uses the build in face detection interface Camera.FaceDetectorListener. Because of this only devices that support this functionality can use the app. Back and front camera are supported to make it easier and improve the overall experience.This way if you take a selfie only your head, the relevant part, will be used.Features;- Material Design- Simple and easy to use- Save the faces on the phone- Share the faces to your social media- Front and Back camera supportedHave fun making pictures of your own face or with friends and share them on your social media. Don't forget to rate this app if you enjoyed it! And feel free to contact us by email if you have problems or feedback.
FD VR - Virtual App Launcher Fulldive VR - Virtual Reality App Launcher allows all your apps to be easily launched through a VR interface. This is only the app extension and not the full version, which is compatible with both Cardboard and Daydream headsets.You can have the full experience by downloading Fulldive - VR Virtual Reality in Google Play. Link here: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=in.fulldive.shell&hl=enThe full version includes:➢	VR YouTube: Stream any youtube videos in IMAX VR➢	3D VR YouTube: Stream 3D youtube videos in IMAX VR➢	FullDive Camera : take pictures and video in VR➢	FullDive Gallery : store and access your pictures, videos, and photosphere in VR➢	FullDive Browser : browse the web, such as Facebook, Google, and everything else in VR➢	FullDive Market : access all VR applications in the market➢     VR Social Network : comment on content and share with your friendsWhat is FullDive?FullDive is a platform for virtual reality that connects with your smartphone. This allows the user to have easy and affordable access to a new world of media. You can watch videos like in a movie theater, stream YouTube videos like they have never been seen before, and even check social media from a completely unseen angle. FullDive is a virtual reality unit for the masses. Gone are the days when you need to be sitting in front of a screen to watch a movie. There’s no need to be paying thousands for a large television set to enjoy the movies you love. Mission of The FutureOur mission is to create 3D virtual reality glasses that connect to your smartphone, so it’s easy for developers and users to use. We want this to be available and affordable to every person who owns a smartphone.Founders Ed and Yosen are bringing this vision from the tech capital of the world, Silicon Valley. With humble backgrounds, the team is passionate about giving the VR experience not only here, but also to third world countries that can’t afford expensive kits. FullDive will be there in the near future.Play With the FutureFullDive’s software works with smartphone technology to display a much larger screen in virtual reality glasses. The screen is split into two images and displayed for each eye to create a cinematic 3D view, all from your smartphone.We currently have developed FullDive Video and FullDive YouTube app. More features will come out soon, such as FullDive Browser where you can browse websites in a VR experience, and FullDive Market where you can access all VR apps from other developers.In the near future, you will also have access to Netflix, Hulu, and Roku through FullDive Stream, so you can watch a massive selection of movies in virtual reality. And FullDive Bolt will allow you to stream straight from your computer screen.Access The Future of One WorldFullDive allows the average user in any country to access the future and enjoy media like it’s never been seen before. Our mission is to spread VR to everyone in this world.n is to spread VR to everyone in this world.
Hdmi Connect how to connect hdmi to tv??Hdmi connect use the usb connector to hdmi cable to tvOTG Disk Explorer lets you to read USB flash drives free disk and show in tv .as well as card readers from your phone or tablets.wifi drive All you have to do is connect the wifi drive/ flash drive to an OTG (On-the-go) cable then plug in the micro USB connector of your tablet, or mouse or wifi adapter then open this application you will see all files in USB drive and you can open them with your favorite app viewers or editors free disk, please consider OTG Disk Explorer Pro!Use your phones IR blaster to change inputs on your Audio HDMI switcher;No more hunting for lost remotes, just use this application free disk;The home screen widget allows quick switching of video sources without needing to open the app;Compatible with 2 and 4 input switchers;Also allows you to toggle the power on your switcher;=> Automatically start app on device connect!=> Automatic mount at TV and watching Movie and Football match!=> Mount and Unmount drive with a single click!=> Notification when drives mounted!!wifi /hdmi=> Full NTFS support free disk.=> exFAT support! indrive.=> Notification when drives mounted!.=> Load modules required automatically.=> Option to enable utf-8 mode .=> Load modules required automatically!=> Automatically open the mounted drive 10 Media scanner triggered on mount ...
Asma ul Husna - Names of Allah Get Asma ul husna the beautiful names and attributes of Almighty Allah in English and Arabic along with the meanings of the names and reference from the Holy Quran. Listen, recite and memorize the 99 names of Allah any time any where from your android phone or tablet. Send it to your friends and family to have blessing.
Tips Dream League Soccer 2016 Dream League Soccer 2016 (2017) a new entry in the highly-regarded football Dream League soccer series with the First Touch of the Game to the Android platforms Dream League Soccer 2016 (2017). This Game presents a slightly faster version of the full soccer 16,17 experience with real players, the ability to build and improve your team and send them racing up the league ladder, and customize controls. You can collect coins and use them to buy new players, sell, old, and run the entire market. Read on for some tips and tricks for Dream League Soccer 2016! (2017)This app contains about how to play, tips, and tricks to win easily in the game Dream league soccer. the content therein made by the fans for enabling beginners to play this game Dream League Soccer. hopefully with this application can help you all. please download ! may be useful !Disclaimer:In creating this unofficial guide application, we assert its rights under the "Fair Use" doctrine pursuant to United States copyright law and the equivalent in other jurisdictions. If you believe that there has been a contravention of your proprietary rights, please email details to us. Legal Notices:This app is an unofficial Dream League Soccer guide only, it is not authorized or created by the creator of the game.
PDF417 Barcode Scan Demo App PDF417.mobi is a demo application of 2D barcode scanning library (SDK) developed by Microblink team.This demo is intended primarily for developers and those interested in developing mobile barcode scanning apps, but also it can be easily used as any other PDF417 and QR scanning app.Features:* Barcode types: PDF417 (2D Barcode), QR code, Coder39, Code128* Flexibility: easy to integrate API* Working conditions: low and poor light conditions* Camera quality: low quality and low resolution mobile cameras* Perspective: can shoot at an angle* Speed: 100-900 ms - depends on device and barcode size* Charset: unicodePDF417.mobi scanning library is ideal for different barcode reader apps like: boarding pass, personal identifications, payment slips, driver licences and other.If you like it, check for downloads, source code on GitHub, help, pricing and more information on our web site: http://pdf417.mobi/
DWGSee -- DWG Viewer DWGSee - A dwg viewer for Android phone and tablet. Now you can check out your drawings with mobile devices, at any places.
HTML Source Code Viewer HTML Source Code Viewer is a lightweight tool to view the HTML source of any Web site.The code is syntax highlighted and line number are shown. It is also possible to search a string in the source code.NEW!Want to contribute? The app is now open source under MIT license. https://github.com/antonio83franco/HTMLSourceCodeViewerThis is not an editor, is only a viewer!
StorDemo1 Square-to-Round (STOR) is a software application to design square-to-circle transformers. Within the construction industry, tradesmen and especially sheet metal workers need to know how to construct a square-to-round. Square-to-rounds are often used to form hoppers, stove chimney hoods and HVAC pipe work systems.The pro (paid 2gbp ) version can export dxf files.   There's no adds, no in-app billing and no lengthy in cloud processing required.https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=uk.co.tyharness.storpro1
V380s Surveillance V380S is a new generation of intelligent home cloud camera free application, can easily achieve remote video surveillance and management. 1, through the software can view the process anytime, anywhere real-time video. 2, support remote PTZ control, through the touch screen operation camera direction rotation. 3, support network live audio monitoring. 4, support network remote video playback and image capture. 5, support the scene motion detection alarm, and save the server to view. 6, support voice intercom and video calls. 7, intelligent streaming media cloud transmission technology, millions of high-definition 720P public network can be real-time transmission. 8, increase the electronic zoom function, preset function and wifi intelligent fast match (smartlink configuration) function; support ap quick configuration; two-dimensional code scanning device ID and so on. 9, real-time preview to increase the video function, you can view the video in the album. 10, video files to increase the download function, you can view the downloaded video in the album. 11, the new cloud storage function
Best Voice Changer Never seen Record your voice, apply effects and share them with your friends. Available effects: - Helium Giant Robot Cave Monster Nervous - Drunk Squirrel Kid - The Death Backward Grand Canyon
Wifi Password Hacker Simulator WiFi password hacker simulator is a prank app that gives the impression you can hack a WiFi network. This prank app creates the illusion that it can hack into secured wireless networks protected with WEP, AES or WPA2 encryption. It doesn't actually harms or breaks into wireless networks. But it's an awesome tool to impress your friends and with which you can have fun. It makes you look like a proficient hacker and a technical genius. This is a very delightful prank to play on your friends.How to use: Application Wifi Password Hacker or Hack Wifi Password Real Password WifiFree Wifiwifi password 2017Hack wifi Password 2017This tool has an wireless network scanner (the wifi scanner) that will detect all the wifi hotspots in range, with either good or bad signal. The detected wireless networks are displayed in a list of wifi network identifiers. Choose the id of one of the wifi networks from this list. After a simulation of hacking a fake generated password will be displayed, as if the target network was broken into. See how amazed your friends are by your hacker talent and enjoy!DISCLAIMER:Once again, as stated above, please remember that this app is not an actual hacker tool. Displayed passwords are randomly generated. To really hack into networks is illegal and immoral.If you like this app, rate us and perhaps write us a few lines. Your feedback will be much appreciated.Recent changes:The most awesome Wifi password hacker simulator.
Superhero Skins for Minecraft Superhero Skins for Minecraft PE Free has a catalogue of skins for you to choose from. You can apply any skin to either the Pocket Edition of Minecraft or the PC Edition of Minecraft.Search through our catalogue with the built in search options, or take a look at some random skins.Try different skins for minecraft again and again!Superhero Skins for Minecraft PE Free is, the best Skin app for ,MCPE & MCPC ! Have you ,ever wanted to stand out from the crowd, on a multiplayer ,server with the best, skin? Well now you can! Show off to all, of your friends, and let the admin's know, whose the Minecraft Boss ,when you are ,wearing your newly, added skin! You can find your favorite Skin here !Superhero Skins for Minecraft PE (Pocket Edition) allows you to choose and apply a skin to your Minecraft character for free with just the touch of a button! Superhero Skins for Minecraft PE Free are compatible with all mods, addons and versions of Minecraft.Skins can be applied within the app without the need of BlockLauncher. Within seconds you could be playing with a new, really cool skin for Minecraft Pocket Edition! Skins even work in multiplayer!Superhero Skins for Minecraft PE Free works as well in survival mode as in creative. If you are a Minecraft PE fan and like to change different skins every day - it’s the best app for you !NOTE: Superhero Skins for Minecraft PE Free does use the internet, so please be aware of your data usage.Skins works on all maps and servers. Also you can try them with your favorite mods. Installing new minecraft skin will allow you to change the look of your character on the server. To make it more recognizable, separated from the crowd.We hope you enjoy Superhero Skins for Minecraft PE Free !Enchant your Minecraft experience with loads of fantastic skins that you can apply to your character.Superhero Skins for Minecraft PE Free is an unofficial application for Minecraft Pocket Edition. This application is not affiliated in any way with Mojang AB. The Minecraft Name, the Minecraft Brand and the Minecraft Assets are all property of Mojang AB or their respectful owner. All rights reserved. In accordance with http://account.mojang.com/documents/brand_guidelines
GUIDE for Gangstar Vegas Guide for Gangstar Vegas is the best unofficial guide for Gangstar Vegas game!It contains many helpful guides, walkthrough and tips & tricks for this amazing Gangstar Vegas game on Android.All About Guide, Tips, Walkthrough and Trick Gangstar Vegas 5Simple user interface and easy navigation of this Gangstar Vegas guide, walkthrough will make you experience the smoothest gameplay without any difficulties on each stages or missions Gangstar vegas.Learn how to play Gangstar Vegas with the complete walkthrough and tutorials along with cheats and secrets you never know in Gangstart vegas !So start to download and Install Now ! This App Today - Guide for Gangstar VegasFeature :- With this tips Never Lose a Mission Ganstar Vegas- Walkthrough navigation- Upgrade great - Walkthrough for Buy the Best Weapons*** DISCLAIMER ***1. this app is an unofficial form and is not embraced by or associated with the maker of this diversion or its licensers.2. this app conforms to the us copyright law rules for reasonable use.3. this app does not duplicate any part of the amusement or contain screenshots of the diversion, just unique content portrayals.4. all characters, their names, places, and different parts of the computer game depicted inside this application are trademarked by their individual proprietors.5. if you feel there an immediate copyright or trademark infringement that does not take after inside the reasonable use rules, please get in touch with us specifically to examine.6. this is just a casual informative application and it is not supported by the developers of Gangstar Vegas 5 application.
Snap Video Downloader Download photos & videos from snapchat to your gallery!Snap Video downloader allows you to easily download any photos and videos from snap to your media libraryFeatures of snap download:1 *NO LOGIN REQUIRED 2 *Simply use, just 2 STEPS to download 3 *Quickly download videos and download photos from SNAPCHAT's friends4 *Easily save into device or repost 5 *Easily explore, delete and share downloaded files6 *Open the app for the first time and it will ask for permission to record or take screenshots, mark the always allow option so you don't get asked that every time you want to record your screen.7 *When you open the app, a little transparent menu opens up...now you are ready to record.8 *Feel free to click on the settings option to see if you wanna enable or disable recording audio.9 *Open snapchat and click on the record button, then click on the snap that you would like to record...its as simple as that.10 *Pull down the android drop down menu from the top of your phone screen and click the 'Stop recording' option.11 *Press the little "X" button on the right side of the app menu to close the app.You can also use this app to record your phone screen even while playing heavy games.
Sad Love Messages When your down and blue and want to read read mournful, melancholy quotes.*Don't require internet for messages *Copy Option *Share via SMS*Share via social platforms*Share via social message applications*A lot of special sad love messages
Arduino Codes Arduino code examples.
Free Minion Rush Guide 2017 Free Minion Rush Guide 2017 Are You A True Fan of Minion Rush 2017? If you are a fan of Minion Rush, you came to the right place มินเนี่ยน.Despicable Me! Help you learn how to play Minion rush 2017 and get the bananas and potatoes Unlimited minion.For you the fan for Minion Rush 2017 Game, This is one application guide minion, tips, and tricks minion rush about playing despicable me: minion rush. This app is for a new guide minion rush in 2017. This app contains a guide in playing minion rush comprising some tips and tricks to simplify the lovers of this game minion rush in completing every mission in minion rush games.★ ★ ★ Characteristics of the Minion Rush Guide ★ ★ ★- The best tricks and tricks for the rush of servants- Guide how to get high score in minion rush 2017- Best start for beginners มินเนี่ยน- Top Cheats for the game.★ ★ ★ NOTE ★ ★ ★This application UNOFFICIAL created by fans of minion rush . Please note - This is not a game, It's is game guide minion rush!!This guide is just made to players to learn content about the game. If you think there is the copyright or trademark infringement that does not take after inside the reasonable use rules, please contact us directly.★ ★ ★ DISCLAIMER ★ ★ ★All the game name, images, characters, logo and other details are not created by us but by their respective owners. This app follows the "fair use" guidelines by US law, if you feel there is a direct copyright or trademark violation that doesn't follow within the "fair use" guidelines, please contact us directly.
Dessert Recipe Book Looking for the greatest, tastiest Recipes for Deserts? YOU'VE FOUND IT!! This awesome Recipes for Deserts app gives you tons of different and unique ways to make the trendiest little desert that gets everyone excited ...and it's FREE for a limited time!Recipes for Deserts is very popular in foreign countries. Because of its delicious flavor and easy to cook with. This APP has the most popular Recipes for Deserts over 300 recipes.If you like this App don?t forget to share it with your love ones via email or social networks.
new Dragon City game tips This App Guide for dragon city is the best guide&tips how to use dragon city apps. You can start  a dragon city game to grow up  your dragon and build your base and get gold and gems , and have It will teach you how to get full access with dragon city android apps. App provide how to use, tips and trick for all informations of apps.Dragon City is a game developed by Social Point in which you breed your dragons to get the most amazing and surprising creatures. Dragon City strategy guide and walkthrough will provide you with a quick start guide, tips and tricks, hints and cheats to help you breed the Tips and Cheats for Dragon City made by FAN for fans of The Dragon City How gets gems- Tips and Cheats Tips- How to Play Monster Busters- News and update about this gameLegal Disclaimer: This is an unofficial guide for the game Dragon City . "NEW Dragon City free tips" is not connected to the game developer or publisher. All texts, images and video game content are copyright to their respective owners and usage for this game guide falls within fair use guidelines. This guide is intended only for your continued enjoyment and exploration of the game. Please contact us if you have any questions or concerns.
Market Update Helper This app does nothing by itself, and is only useful as a companion to Titanium Backup PRO. If you have it, you can un-install it at any time.
TF: Classic Widgets Classic Widgets is a plugin for Tiny Flashlight and depends on it. The classic widgets of Tiny Flashlight v4.x for those of you who prefer the old design. All widgets have been updated to support the latest high-resolution displays. To add a new widget: Go to your Home screen / app Drawer -> Widgets -> search TF: Classic Widgets Features: * Black, Green and Lilac Tones * Flashlight, Light Bulb and LED Options
Springy chat heads service Springy heads is a chat head library for use within your android apps. This includes all the UI physics and spring animations which drive multi user chat behaviour and toggling between maximized, minimized arrangements.Get it from https://github.com/flipkart-incubator/springy-headsThis app was compiled from "run_in_service" branch without any changes from the demo included in the source code.
Transition Do not download if you are not a developer! This app showcase the functionality of a library and does not offer useful features by itself.Demo app for the Transition library, this library allows the easy creation of animated transition effects when the state of Android UI has changed. Unlike animations, the transition effect reacts in accordance with user finger input (think sliding a Drawer out with finger drag instead of pressing the ActionBarDrawerToggle).The open source project can be found at https://github.com/kaichunlin/android-transition
Latest Angry Birds 2 Tips Latest Angry Birds 2 Tips If you like angry birds 2, angry birds 2, angry birds 2, Angry Birds 2, angry birds Newly downloaded recent Angry Birds 2 guides and are always up to date with the latest information and many strategies. It's an offline Angry Birds 2017 app! You can watch angry birds. Give advice Angry Birds anytime, anywhere Angry Birds !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ****: This application is not licensed or created or tested by the game creator. All game titles, pictures, characters, logos and other details are not generated by us. But by their own. This program will collect cheat instructions, instructions from the internet, and organize in a simple way for the user to use or read.
Video Gallery If you are not a developer then also you can use this app as your Video Gallery.This is a demo app for creating a Video Gallery App in Android.It will list all of your video with good material design pattern.More option and Functionality will be add soon.If you want to see the tutorial for creating this app you can visit the http://www.debugandroid.com/2016/10/video-gallery-using-recyclerview.html
New Candy Crush Soda Guide New Candy Crush Soda Guide. Already a Fan of Candy Crush soda Saga? This is a one of the best Candy Crush Soda Saga Tips, Guide and Walkthrough . This application contains a walkthrough in playing Candy Crush Soda Saga ล่าสุด which consists of several tips and tricks to simplify the lovers of this game in completing every mission Candy Crush Soda Saga 2017 in the GAMES. This app is a guide to playing Candy Crush Soda Saga to get more value and get bonus trick and follow friends to play together, as well as tips on the 960 level.**** Disclaimer / Legal Notices ****.Guide Candy Crush Soda Saga is the official version and is not endorsed by or affiliated with the creators of this game or its licensors.
Pipe Schedule Free A quick reference for standard Pipe Size based upon ASME B36.10M. Standard Geometry such as Inner Diameter, and thickness will be given in addition to mechanical properties.This is an ad supported version. Please download the regular version to avoid the advertisements.
Blue Light Tonight you have the night vision  by using a Blue Light.Shows blue screen on phone to light the night without ruining your night time vision.Ideal forCamping, astronomy, romantic, dancing, etc- Always screen on- Adjustable brightness- Countdown timer to disable the always screen on- Easy to use- Free
usb OTG reader OTG Disk Explorer lets you to read USB flash drives .as well as card readers from your phone or tablets. All you have to do is connect the flash drive to an OTG (On-the-go) cable then plug in the micro USB connector of your tablet, or mouse or wifi adapter then open this app you will see all files in USB drive and you can open them with your favorite app viewers or editors. Current support FAT32 disk format of flash drives. Note; Lite version limit single file size to 30mb, if you need to open file larger than 30mb, please consider OTG Disk Explorer Pro.1 Automatically start app on device connect.2 Automatic mount .3 Mount and Unmount drive with a single click.4 Full NTFS support.5 exFAT support! .6 Notification when drives mounted!.7 Load modules required automatically.8 Option to enable utf-8 mode .9 Automatically open the mounted drive 10 Media scanner triggered on mount ...
AlQuran Mishary Rashid Alafasy Biography of Mishary Rashid Alafasy Sheikh Mishary bin Rashid Al-Afasy or Mishary Rashid Ghareeb Mohammed Rashed Al-Afasy is a Kuwaiti international-renewed qari, he is born in Kuwait in September 5th, 1976 ( Sunday 11th of Ramadan 1396 H).He studied Quran in the College of the Holly Quran and Islamic Studies at the Islamic University of Madinah ( Kingdom Of Saudi Arabia), in specialization ' the ten readings and translations of the Holy Quran'. He has read the Quran to Sheikh Ahmed Abdulaziz Al-Zaiat, Sheikh Ibrahim Ali Shahata Al-Samanodei, and the Sheikh Abdurarea Radwan. He impressed number of great scholars of Quran.Actually Sheikh Mishary Al Afasy, is he Imam of Masjid Al-Kabir (Grand Mosque) in Kuwait City, and every Ramadan he leads the Taraweh prayers in this Mosque.Recently, Sheikh Mishary bin Rashed Al-Afasy has visited two mosques in the United States of America : the Islamic Center of Irvine (ICOI) in California and the Islamic Center of Detroit (ICD) in Michigan.Al Afasy has 2 Space Channels specialized in the recitation of the Hol Quran, the first is Alafasy TV and Alafasy Q.Sheikh Alafasy is married and has two daughters. He's also nicknamed Abu Nora.Download this free app and you can have the Holy Quran Arabic sound by Holy Quran Abu Bakr Shatri Offline with you all the time. Holy Quran Abu Bakr Shatri Offline app that doesn't need internet connection.The Quran is a holy book of Islam, which is also meaning to “the recitation". According to Islamic belief, In the month of Ramadan Quran was revealed as a guidance for mankind.Famous Hafiz or Reciters are :Abdul Rahman Alsudaes, Abdul Basit Abdul Samad, Abdur Rashid Sufi, Ahmed Al Ajmi, Abdulaziz Al Ahmad, Abdul Wadood Haneef, Abdulbari Ath Thubaity, Abdulmohsin Al Obaikhan, Ali Alhuthaifi, Abdullah Basfer, Ahmad Al Hawashy, Ahmed Saber, Abdullah Khayyat, Al Qari Yassen, Aleyoon Alkoshi, Abu Baker Shatri, Ali Jaber, Abdulmohsen Alqasim, Emad Zuhair Hafth, Fares Abbaf, Hani Arrifai, Ibrahim Alakhdar, Jamal Shaker Abdullah, Khalid Abdulkhafi, Khalid Alqahtani, Khalifah Al Tonaeijy, Mahmoud Khalil, Muhammed Al Tablawi, Mahmood Al Sheimy, Mishary Al Afasy, Mustafa Ismail, Mustafa Al Lahoni, Mahmood Ali Albana, Mohammad Ayyub, Maher Al Muaiqly, Mohammed Al Minshawi, Mohammad jibreel, Mohammed Al Muhasny, Mohammed Siddiq Al Minshawl, Mohammad Al Abdullah, Mustafa Raad Al Azawi, Nabil Ar Rifai, Saudd Al Shuraim, Shirazad Taher, Salah Alhashim, Salah Bukatir, Salah Al Budair, Saad Al ghamdi, Saud Al Shuraim, Sahl Yaaseen, Awfeeq As Sayegh, Yasser Al Mazroyee, Yahya Hawa and Zaki Daghistani.Quran Audio Translation Languages :Arabic, Albanian, Azeri, Azerbaijan, Bangla, Brazilian, Burmese, Bosnian, Chichewa, Chinese, Dutch, English, Filipino, French, Gujarati, German, Greek, Hausa, Hindi, Indonesian, Italian, Kashmiri, Kanada, Korean, Kurdish, Maranao, Maranao Arabic, Mexico, Malyalam, Marathi, Punjabi, Pashto, Persian, Portuguese, Russian, Sindhi, Somali, Spanish, Swedish, Tagalog, Tamazight, Tamil, Thai, Turkish, Telugu, Urdu, Uyghur, Uzbek, Vietnamese, Yoruba and Zulu.
HDMI Reader Pro MHL (HDMI) Checker is a tool to check MHL (HDMI) capability of this mobile.OTG Disk Explorer lets you to read USB flash drives and show in tv .as well as card readers from your phone or tablets. All you have to do is connect the flash drive to an OTG (On-the-go) cable then plug in the micro USB connector of your tablet, or mouse or wifi adapter then open this application you will see all files in USB drive and you can open them with your favorite app viewers or editors, please consider OTG Disk Explorer Pro!Use your phones IR blaster to change inputs on your Auvio HDMI switcher;No more hunting for lost remotes, just use this application;The home screen widget allows quick switching of video sources without needing to open the app;Compatible with 2 and 4 input switchers;Also allows you to toggle the power on your switcher;- Automatically start app on device connect!- Automatic mount at TV and watching Movie and Football match!- Mount and Unmount drive with a single click!- Notification when drives mounted!!- Load modules required automatically!- Automatically open the mounted drive 10 Media scanner triggered on mount
HTC Service Pack The HTC Service Pack is a service update that includes previously released updates and helps make the HTC experience even more reliable. Service packs are available free of charge. Install the latest service pack to keep your HTC experience up-to-date. HTC, the HTC logo, and other HTC product and service names in this application are either registered or unregistered trademarks of HTC Corporation in the US and other countries. All other company names, product names, service names and logos appearing in connection with the application may be the trademarks of their respective owners.
Microphone lock - Anti-malware • Easy one-click blocking / protection of your microphone. THE APP BLOCKED AND DISABLED ACCESS TO THE MICROPHONE TEMPORARY FOR ALL OTHER APPLICATIONS AND THE ENTIRE ANDROID SYSTEM. [NO ROOT NEEDED • Check the Microphone Block and: ✔ Disable and disable your phone. • Your phone will be protected from viruses, spyware, malware, surveillance, or monitoring applications Microphone with a single click. ✔ Protect your privacy from taking pictures and listening to the phone. ✔ Use the "Spy App Capture" feature to analyze whether you are already listening or recording. (See spyware, viruses, malware, backdoors, and monitoring risks) ✔ Block and protect In front of all types of "call / audio / voice recordings" through applications. • Easy-to-use home screen widget for faster access. • Simples and clear design with 2 templates and multiple icon sets .-- "On average, Android devices have 14 applications, Which have "voice recordings" (microphone) rights and can be abused at any time for monitoring and recording your calls. Each of the 14 apps can record your voice, conversations, and calls at any time. Most of these apps have Internet access and could send these records to any location in the world. "- ★ Spy App Capture A special feature that helps you analyze and translate applications that you might monitor and spy on. If your mobile device is in Sleep mode (off screen), the application tests every 5 minutes to access your microphone. If the microphone is not in use, everything is okay. However, if not ... !!! ★ Buy the PRO version "Microphone Block Pro (Microphone lock - spyware protection)": - PRO protection around the clock (The free version is inactive between 20 and 22 o'clock) PRO version has no publicity ★ Here: https://goo.gl/MS5ABV (microphone lock - spyware protection) • FAQ: - Why does the application "Audio recording" (microphone) require rights? The "espionage app-catcher" function requires access to the microphone in order to carry out safety tests. The microphone protection can not be realized technically without direct access to the microphone. (In simple terms, we can not open or close doors if we can not interfere with them) - Can protect the application from surveillance by security authorities The application can protect your Android device from being monitored and recorded by other applications that are protected by spyware, Malware, viruses, or spyware codes from security authorities, you can not protect your calls from the phone line. The app does not establish a secure phone connection. So if your voice leaves the mobile phone, the app can not protect it further. (If security agencies decide to record your phone calls via the telephone line or the telephone operator, we can not protect you).
Agenda Module works with Ezan Vakti Pro. Works with Ezan Vakti Pro application.
Lock Screen Utils Lock Screen Utils - The best way to enjoy your Lock Screen.
Yasin Pack (Al-Ghamidi) This is an audio pack for the free application «Yasin Rahman Waqia Mulk» available on the Google Play Store. It contains all the audio files to listen to the Surahs.Thus, if you want to use this pack, you have to install the main application.If you encounter problems, contact us by email.
Gain Weight Fast For Men This application give you an information about a Guide app - how to Gain Weight Fast For MenWith our app you will learn:a diet chart to gain weight fast a healthy way to gain weight fast best product to gain weight fast best protein to gain weight fast best vitamins to gain weight fast eat to gain weight fast effective ways to gain weight fast fast way to gain weight fastApplication Features:- Useful guide .- You can share this guide to others.- Easy to use.Download this top How to Gain Weight Fast For Men  app, for free, and enjoy the free guide
Wifi Display (Miracast) Pro This app will open Wi-Fi Display settings if your device support it (or in other words SHORTCUT). Some devices support Wi-Fi Display, but the setting is either hidden or not present. It should also work on Samsung device now. I don't have LG device, so I can't test it.Only download this if your device support Wi-Fi Display / Miracast, but you can't find how to enable it.To Share/mirror mobile screen to SmartTV or Wifi Display dongle connected to TV, Following steps needs to performed:- Check your TV wheather it supports Wireless Display / Miracast.- Make sure TV is connected to the same WiFi network as your mobile device. You can't connect it with wired connection (LAN).- Make sure your Android device version is 4.2 or higher.- Fix Samsung S3/S4/S5 (with hdcp) devices mirror to TV / dongle (without hdcp) black screen problem- Two independ hdcp patchs , to enable and re-start mirror - Mobile need ROOTED , but need NOT update ROM..
FaceDetection Simple face detection demo with OpenCV library
Get Followers Get Followers is an application that helps you to have Follewer and likes with specific hachtags who know every day millions of visits. If you are looking for the glory and celebrity of your account instagram Get followers is there to help.
DRONE FPV DRONE is an aircraft, the body wear wifi launch function, you can connect the phone, use the phone to take pictures, video.
All My... (Xposed Tweaks) ROOT & Xposed framework required!List of tweaks:• Disable Su Indicator - Disable # (pound/hash) indicator in status bar• Always Software Menu - Allows to have both software menu button and menu mapped to key on CM. Workaround for this.• No Toast Icons• Pocket First - Make Pocket the first option when sharing• Desk Clock Alarm - Make Alarm the default tab in stock/Google Desk Clock• One Way Brightness - Make auto brightness go only up• Battery Light Disabler - Battery light will not shine when in downtime (Interruptions) or when the screen is on• One Hand Zoom Enabler (Firefox/Adobe Reader)• Battery History XXL - Enlarge the stock settings battery history - from 10 to 30 records• Native Freezer - Disable and re-enable any 3rd party app from System Settings• Minimum Brightness (MX Player/system) - Change the minimum brightness level from usual 10 to 1• Gentle Haptic Feedback• Compact Volume Panel• Chrome Tabs Toolbar On Phone - Enable tablet layout while keep mobile User Agent• Disable Horizontal Scroll (Adobe Reader)• Remap PREV button to PLAY/PAUSE - Allow use volume keys to change volume, advance to next song and play/pause• Remap NEXT button to Torch - Allow use volume up key (long press) to start flashlight (when music is off)• K920 Cardboard Fix - Fix screen resolution in Google Cardboard on Lenovo Vibe Z2 Pro (K920)• No Wake On Charge - Disable screen wake when cable is plugged in/unplugged on Samsung Galaxy S5 (stock Android 5.0)• Reader Mode (Adapt Display) - Enable Samsung screen ebook reading mode for Adobe Reader/Moon+ Reader on Samsung Galaxy S5 (stock Android 5.0)• Disable Android Wear Disconnected Notification• Media Stream Default - Prefer media instead of ringer during volume control• Advanced Volume Keys - Long press VOLUME -/+ for PLAY_PAUSE/NEXT when screen is off or showing lock screen• No Password After Boot - Disable the "Unable to use fingerprints. Device restarted. Enter backup password, then fingerprints can be used next time device locked." message• NEW! Touch key light - Re-enable the lost option to set buttons light timeout (Samsung Galaxy S7)• NEW! sRGB for video only - Switch to sRGB (Basic screen mode) for video (MX Player/YouTube) while keeping Adaptive for everything else (Samsung Galaxy S7)• NEW! MTP Without Unlock - Start MTP even with screen off or without unlocking unsecure keyguard (Samsung Galaxy S5/S7)• NEW! Allow MTP Access - Get rid of the "Allow access to device data" dialog (Samsung Galaxy S7)• ...and few moreSupport and more info: http://forum.xda-developers.com/xposed/modules/mod-xposed-tweaks-cm-t3279109
Patch for Smart Launcher WARNING! Install this app only if you are experiencing problem with Smart Launcher!If you have android >4.1 you probably don't need this app.Aktivieren Sie den Boot Patcher wenn Sie Smart Launcher nicht als Standard Launcher festlegen können
EazyView Library / LazySwipe Import -> Add icon or Text in a list -> a view will be attached to the bottom left.It is an FreeSoftware hence you have all rights to whatever you want, If you modify then you need to release it with same licence.
TP-LINK tpCamera Stay connected to what you care most.TP-LINK tpCamera is a cloud-based video monitoring app that lets you stay connected to home, family, or pets remotely. View your cameras anywhere and anytime.With the TP-LINK tpCamera app installed on your smartphones, you can easily access your cloud cameras at any time and from anywhere over the Internet, so you never miss a moment. ★Features●  Free cloud service for life.●  Quick registration and setup, the simplest way to connect to your home and office.●  Manage and stream live videos from multiple cameras.●  Store photos and videos for you to relive the moments. See more, be sure. For more information, go to www.tplinkcloud.com. Compatible devices:NC200 / NC210 /NC220 / NC230 / NC250 / NC260 / NC450
New Mobigenie Market this is a new guide for mobogenie marketthis is not an official app
Pasta Recipes Pasta Recipes containes exclusive pasta recipes for special occasions.You will find in this app en excellent collection of hand picked pasta recipes for pasta lovers.Impress your friends with amazing pasta recipes.Pasta RecipesPasta is the staple food of traditional Italian cuisine. Here is a perfect app to guide those who want to have the exotic taste of a different kind of pasta recipes. This app is basically designed as a guide for cooking pasta in many different ways and can help any person to cook it. This app is designed for all kinds of users with pictures and all necessary details. Even here one can easily know the proper amount required for serving a given amount of people.The dishes of pasta, which any individual can easily find are like, bigoli- these are thick tube made of whole wheat, Bucatini-a thick spaghetti like pasta with a hole in center, Chaplin- thinnest type of long pasta, fusili- long thick corkscrew shaped pasta which can be hollow or solid, piece-very thick hand rolled pasta, spaghetti- a long thick pasta from Italian origin, vermicelli- a traditional pasta that is round and thicker than spaghetti, ziti- long narrow hose like tube size. Then we also have a verity of ribbon cut pasta like Bavette-narrow version of tagliatlle, Fettuce, Lagane, lasagne-very wide pasta with fluted edges and many more which one can find there. Having such a nice app which not only helps in cooking different pasta recipes, but also helps in enhancing knowledge about different traditional dish and also helps in blending of cultures. So it’s not only app but something more doing good to its owner.
Blacklight "Black Light" is a simulator of real black light. In the app you can change and select the hue you want (Deep Purple variations), the time you want the screen to be active and the brightness of the screen. All the colors in "Black Light" are optimized to "Black light" is just imitating the color of a black light. Have fun! "Black light" is just for fun and does not create a real black light.
Driving  Rules & Traffic Signs Are you intending to start driving and you want to get your driving license this is app is a very good start. as you will learn all you need about 2015 Road and traffic signs and rules. This is an international learning app, hat ever where you are in the US, UK, Indonesia, Korea, South Africa, Nigeria, India or Pakistan you will find all you need to succeed your driving licence from the fist attempt.You will learn through this app all the Road and Traffic signs and signals that you need to know to pass you theoretical  Driving test. Also you will get tips & secret tricks to succeed your  Driving exam from the first attempt.Also we added to this app the maintenance knowledge that you need to know before getting your driving license / licence.In this app there are 31 sections in which you will get the 99% of what you need to pass your driving exam:you will learn:The signing systemThe warning signsRegulatory signsSpeed limit signsLow bridge signsBus & cycle signsRoad markingOn street parking controlClear waysTaxi rankstraffic calming motorway signs & signalsand much more.Driving is a passion, Get you driving permit and enjoy driving all the rest of your life.If you are in Saudi Arabia, Qatar, UAE, Jordan, Kuwait, Egypt, Oman, Kenya, Brasil, Argentina or Russia this Driving learning application is also very suitable for your exam.
Fish Schooling VR Float around underwater, watch the fish schooling and the subtle interactions between different groups.Use some headphones for a more a immersive experience, and don't forget to breathe.Simply sit back, chillax, look around and enjoy the VR experience.No movement or buttons are used. This is a simple demonstration using Google Cardboard, and the second in a series of studies that attempts to mimic complex behaviour: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Swarm_intelligenceWhat's Google Cardboard?• Cardboard is a low­ cost, easy to ­get virtual reality viewer that transforms a phone into a basic VR headset. Learn more about Google Cardboard at g.co/cardboard. Buy or build your own at https://www.google.com/get/cardboard/get-cardboard.html.Note: Not tested with the Project Tango Tablet Development Kit
Social Chat Social chat provides you perfect solution for making your app for end to end chatting, in this demo you will find Typing status..Online/Off line status of user..*Develop your own application using social chat.*Easy to make chat without any SQLite data base.*Material Library is an Open Source Android library that back-port Material Design components to pre-Lolipop Android.You can find the project on Github:https://github.com/PankajSavaliyaGit/SocialChatWe are still in development mode  to make this app use full to all developers.
Bluetooth+ Patch Bluetooth system with powerful & feature-rich plugins. Require root permission and super user app. Your device needs to be rooted to patch android Bluetooth system.  Support Android 4.2.2 ~ Android 7.1.1 and Lineage OS (CyanogenMod) 14.1Android 7 and Lineage OS (CyanogenMod) 14.1 is supported in v2.0!Available plugins:  - True mouse/KB: Enable Bluetooth HID Device Profile. Transform your phone into real Bluetooth mouse & keyboard combo and remote control any computer has Bluetooth. Touch gesture supports horizontal/vertical scrolling, pinch zoom and more.     https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.z2software.btpluginhidd  - ANT+ Enabler: Enable built-in ANT+ hardware on your device    https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.z2software.antplusPlease note this free app doesn't provide any feature without plugin installed.If you run into any issue and need to clean up the installed patch, please make sure to use "Uninstall" button on taskbar. Android system uninstall cannot remove it thoroughly.Known issues: - Your Bluetooth might have issue if the device does not has compatible bluetooth software stack with AOSP. To recover it, please make sure to use 'Uninstall' button in Bluetooth# app to clean up the patch. Please do NOT use default system 'Uninstall' from Settings. It can not clean up the patch installed without root permission.
OpenCV Movement Detect CODE HERE: https://github.com/projektlp/Android_OCV_Movement_DetectionThis app uses the BackgroundSubtractorMOG algorithm from OpenCV's android library to identify objects in motion from the camera and draws a red overlay around/over them. The ideal is to have nice contours drawn around the objects that are moving. A slider is also added for the user to adjust the learning rate, which may or may not have any effect on the contours.In order to utilize the app, the latest version of OpenCV Manager (also found on Google Play) must be downloaded and installed correctly. This app has been successfully tested on Android 2.3.4 and Android 4.3. At the moment this can considered an initial tech demo, please feel free to play around with it. The source code for this implementation can also be found in github link below!
Fresher Islamic tones without Net Islamic Ringtones This new application includes a fresher new Islamic tones for the year 2016, it is through which you will be able to enjoy the sounds of the best singers in the Muslim world, and Stbehr friends diversity of these songs, The application Fresher Islamic tones is characterized by several features: - Easy to deal with it and run it, it is sufficient inauguration and open it to start work .- you can browse dozens of fresh songs and Alraiqh.--free songs from music .- songs for months singers in the Muslim world, - the possibility of installing a virtual reindeer Krnh through pressure and choice was so the possibility of allocating the possibility of rings according Almtsalin.- t Sas ringtone Rsail.- to customize the ringtone alarm directly from this Alttbaiq.ama If you have any suggestion for some songs and want us to update the application and included in it, please send address to mail, who is the bottom of this page 439 e87d752
OpenTV OpenTV offers a wide selection of TV channels broadcast over the Internet. Watch your favorite bouquets on your TV without a satellite dish, regardless of your geographical location on earth! OpenTV is currently the largest provider of international IPTV channels on the market. IPTV France offers all French channels (Canalsat, canal +), Belgian, Swiss, Italian (Sky it), German (Sky De) and Arabic. The list of bouquets is constantly increasing, with each addition you will find the new channels directly in your device Applications OpenTV, without any intervention necessary on your part. The application OpenTV France is also a platform of leisure and entertainment, a Wide range of movies and series will be available in the VOD (Video On Demand). + 1500 Streams Online + 1000 Vod
Islamic Quotes islamic quotes is an application where you can find daily updated quotes and sayings for muslim people :)the islamic quotes are either from holy quran, sunnah or even eminent islamic figures-You have to be connected to the internet to load the images -You can like / save / share any islamic quote you like there are 3 different tabs ( hot / new / top ) enjoy and share this application with other muslims
Ringtones for WhatsApp Ringtones for WhatsApp Free ringtones to customize the sound and WhatsApp customize, countless nuances that distinguish the sound of the WhatsApp. The sounds are grouped into categories, the main categories are short tones, android, alerting you to terror, Music and melodies. Can be marked as favorite and share with WhatsApp, Facebook or favorite application. It is very easy to use and can store the sound for use wherever you want.
Bluetooth Check Simple application to see if Bluetooth is working on your device. OPEN SOURCE: https: //github.com/frankkienl/RandomBluetoothCheck
Sudo Installer v2.2.2 (root) This is the old version (version 2.2.2) of this app. Please download the new 3.x version from https://drg.li/asinewThis app requires root!This app WILL NOT give you root! It installs a sudo script to your system so you can have a more desktop style approach at using root in adb shell and Terminal Emulator.This will install a sudo script to your /system/We're open source! Check it out on GitHub: https://github.com/ColtonDRG/AndroidSudo/Not a Google Play user? Download the APK directly from DRGdl: https://static.coltondrg.com/android/sudoinstaller/sudoinstaller-222.apkWhy would you want this? For any power user who uses Linux or Mac OS X on their computer, you will know the sudo command and you may often type sudo instead of su -c, out of habit, in adb shell or Terminal Emulator. This will let you use sudo like you would on your PC.This app makes modifications to your system ROM. We take no responsibility if you brick your device or mess up your system!If you decide you want to undo this, or you need to remove it for any other reason, you can do so at any time by opening the app and clicking remove!After installing, you can remove the app and keep sudo, but you will need to reinstall the app to remove sudo.No data is collected directly from the app, however, some data may be gathered and shared with us for crash and bug reports by Google Play according to Google's privacy policy.
React Native UIExplorer Explorer React Native UI components instantly, no more waiting of compilation.
Game Guide GTA San Andreas Guide for GTA San Andreas is an unofficial guide and solution strategies, tips & tricks, cheat codes, secrets, hacks, and everything for Grand Theft Auto San Andreas game players! These apps contain huge collections of HD video guide, GTA San Andreas, such as mission guidance, girlfriends guide, performance guidance, dating guides, and more. Download guide for GTA San Andreas now and become the best GTA San Andreas player! Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas Way Of Solving You Do not Stumble When You Have Blown Through The Ballas Ever. Peep this guide to Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas is all you need to get through the "hoods of Los Santos, San Fierro and Las Venturas. Not all missions are necessary to complete the story, and we have stated (If possible) that are needed to submit the narrative, however, whether or not all missions can be found in a particular city, are listed among the person who gives them Take a look at the example of this queue. In this guide, we will provide you with an overview of the weapons of the game, a complete gait through the many missions of the game, locations for all the hidden oysters, photo mines, graffiti tags, the collection of weapons, and the Proverbial much, much more.Thanks to the guys of Game Guide for GTA San Andreas for supplying the maps location for this guide.
Voice Changer Make your voice recognizable and very funny. This booth great voice for all kinds of jokes, so please, do something really funny, laughing every day with this new application for audio recording.-- The wide range of sounds funny and scary sounds-- Save and share new sounds with your friends-- Funny Voice Recorder-- Switching software for free download funny sound-- Changing the application with cool sound effects-- Best Ringtone Maker funny-- Awesome sound and alarm sound editor--  Free--  Download--  appsCustomize your voice and the voice of the way you have always wanted. Sound effects here are a joke you're playing with one of the best voices constantly changing games! Enjoy!cts cyborg drunk extraterrestrial voicechangerwitheffe helium hexafluoride  alien canyon cathedral chipmunks  megaphone mutant overlord poltergeist privacy puppet record robot shrinking sound sviudes voice voicechanger voice recorder  Modificateur de voix  changeur de voix  transformateur de voix  changeur de voix gratuit  digital voice recordervoice pro  déformateur de voix  modifieur de voix  modificateur de voix pour micro  Voice Changer Studio  best voice recorder  voice effects  deep voice changer  sound changer  vioce changer  choir monster  scream voice changer  voice disguiser  voice changer free  best voice changervoice changed  female voice changer  chipmunk voice  toner for voice  backwards sound changer--The application contains :-  voice change-  voice changer-  call voice changer-  voice changer app-  voice mixer-  Changer Voice-  Changer Voice 2017-  Changeur de voix-  megaphone			-  overlord-  changer-  chorus-  voise changer-  voice warper-  fake voice-  voice changers-  voice modifier-  voice modulator-  echo-  boice changer-  baritone-  timbre-  spy gear		-  heliumAnd I hope that the application of Wonders
Mailbox App Android Material UI Template is example implementation material design in various app.Download full source code : http://codecanyon.net/item/android-material-ui-template-14/13971332
Auto Clear Memory: (Clean Booster) is the best Android Optimizer, Battery Saver, Speedbooster, Game Booster, RAM Speeder, CPU Cooler and Junk Cleaner. It can clean and boost your phone very quickly. It is small with the size of the installation package only 1 MB; And it's really smart to increase memory and clean scrap and hide faster than others. Make the phone take effect faster. Auto Clear Memory also helps to cool CPU and the entire device, and stop other applications to drain the battery. It's really Super Cleaner for Memory (Master Clean), Super Booster (Master Boost), and all in one application of the light. Highlights of Auto Clear Memory Self: Clean Memory and Super BoosterEin Boost Tap (only 1Tap and have a nice fast ceaning ) CPU Cooler Game Booster (fast booster for games and heavy applications) Battery-saving mode Using High Memory Notification Clean and Super BoosterAuto Clear Memory (Clean and Boost) can find all applications with high storage space and force them to stop without root authorization. If you find that your phone is delayed, simply use Super Clean function to speed up applications by running in the background, and these applications will overwhelm after cleaning and increasing. Then, your phone will be fast, even the cell phone battery can last longer.Once Tap Boost (1Tap only) A water tap thumbnail AutoClean icon is listed on the cell phone desktop that makes you very handy to your phone with 1 Water tap. By repeatedly pressing button 1 of the faucet, the speed of the phone is greatly improved.CPU Cooler Finding Your Phone is Always Hot? Simply use CPU cooler function to cool your device, and it will run unneeded applications in the background. GAME Booster Automatically improve the speed of your game by 30% + when starting games.Battery Saver Are you worried about your phone Battery runs too fast due to auto-launch applications? After boosting and cleaning these energy-hungry applications, emptying your battery from Super Cleaner Pro (clean and boost), hibernate applications, and the lifetime of the phone battery will last longer.Using High Notification Memory - When the memory capacity of your phone is high, notifies AutoClean Memory to increase your phone with a tip. - Auto Clear Memory is the speed booster you need! Change the speed of your device from 🐢🐢🐢 to. It can make smart clean background processes, stop stealthy running apps. ★ Boost your apps and games, free memory ★ If you know nothing about clearing memory cache, tired to watch as your phone gets slower every day, this is the best app , The fast your slow phone. You no longer need to worry about how to delete cache or how to speed up Android phone; Our app will take care of everything, delete junk files, rest files and cache to free up space, improve the performance of your Android device. When your battery drains faster, your device will laggy, freezes all the time and it overheats, When you run apps; Our 1-Tap Boost makes it easy to finish apps in the background. Auto Clear Memory Highlights: ☆ A simple touch to speed up your devices from your startup screen. ☆ Fast, compact and efficient with little memory and CPU usage Add frequently used apps to your white list ★ Easy & Fast Auto Auto Erase Memory ★ Very easy to use, we have it really simple. Just 1-tap the clean button and that's it! Our apps will do the work. Contact us if you have any problem with AutoClear Memory.
Amazing Battery Saver 2017 Amazing Battery Saver is a free application to maximize the use of your smartphone's battery or your Android tablet, this application make your phone more efficient and effective with a great battery t o stay connected with you friends on Facebook and Whatsapp for a long time without having to load it every time.In short it is an indispensable application for your phone.Features of the Amazing Battery Saver application:• Quick phone charging.• Optimize and control the use of your applications that affect the energy of your battery.• Always stay connected to your phone for a long time.• Extends the life of your battery with 70% more.• Daily monitoring of functioning the application in our users to solve all the bugs.Free download the most reliable application in 2017 for battery saving.Thank you for leaving us your comments and suggestions on our product.
Sd cards Manager Sd Cards manager is a fast solution to move your files from internal memory to SD card in your phone.This free app help you to easily manage files and folder in SD card.Access system files and folders. Full root access for copy, delete, move and rename.Features:- High Performance.- Browse files and folders.- Cut,copy and paste files and folders.- Create,rename and delete files.- Free space and used space information.- Install .apk application from sdcard.
Camera lock spy security • LOCK ALL CAMERA RESOURCES. DISABLED ACCESS TO THE CAMERA FOR OTHER APPS AND THE OVERALL ANDROID SYSTEM [NO ROOT NEEDED] • Prevents unauthorized image and video capture by spyware, malware, and viruses on your phone • The app will prevent your phone camera from dangers like (Spyware, malware, monitoring, and infected apps) ✔ Captures your privacy. • Protect your privacy from cell phone spyware (spyware, malware, monitoring, and infected apps) ✔ Captures, protects your privacy from viruses, spyware, and malware , Which apps have camera access. Stellen Set automatic blocking periods. Einfach Easy-to-use home screen widget for faster access. Sim Simplicity and clear design with 2 templates and multiple icon sets .-- "Average Android devices have 24 applications with camera access installed, Who could abuse them at any time to watch and spy on you. Each of the 24 apps can take any pictures or video recordings at any time. Most apps have access to the Internet and could upload images and videos anywhere. (In addition, you will be watched by an unknown number of security authorities at this moment;). "- ★ Buy the PRO version (Camera Lock Pro - Spyware Protection)): - PRO protection around the clock (The free version is between 20:00 hours inactive) - The PRO version has no advertising ★ Here: http://goo.gl/Ezc5vo (Camera lock Pro - Spyware protection) • FAQ: - Requires "Camera Block (Camera lock - spy security)" camera access rights? Is the app secure? The app does not require "camera access rights". Our app is also prevented from watching you.
Test DPC Please note that this app is for development purposes only. It is NOT intended for production usages. The app should never be used with real data.Test DPC is a sample device policy controller for use with Android for Work. It gives developers the ability to see how their app will behave in a managed context such as device owner or within a managed profile. Users can set up a work profile, enable work apps, set applications restrictions, manage security polices, and much more. The app also serves as a implementation reference for other DPCs. Feel free to check out the source code at https://github.com/googlesamples/android-testdpc/.#testdpc #androidforwork
Video Chat app One step demo for test video call. Just enter you name in two different devices and press call button for start video call on that devices and start experiancing quality result video calliing.Features:One to one Video callCall conferanceAudio muteVideo muteSwap camera (Front/Back)Swap Audio (Speaker/Headphone)and more as per your requirement
OCR Plugin This plugin performs Optical Character Recognition (OCR) on behalf of other applications. It provides the possibility to capture text from printed books and newspapers by pointing the rear camera of your device.Note: please download this plugin only if you have an application that needs it.The OCR plugin requires a back camera with autofocus to perform proper OCR functionality. It may need updated Google Play services.The following applications may use OCR plugin to capture text via camera:- Online Thesaurus by Livio, version 3.5- Online Translator by Livio, version 3.5- Online and Offlline Dictionaries by Livio, version 3.5 Note: this plugin recognizes only Latin Alphabet.Information for Android application developers:✔ This application provides Android application interface for 3rd party applications, please read further details at the following link: https://thesaurus.altervista.org/ocrplugin-androidPermissionsThe OCR plugin requires the following permissions:CAMERA - to capture images for the optical character recognitionINTERNET - to report software errors
BLE Peripheral Simulator The BLE Peripheral Simulator is an Android app that allows developers to try out new features of Web Bluetooth without the need for a BLE Peripheral Device. You can check the code at: https://github.com/WebBluetoothCG/ble-test-peripheral-androidDevelopers can use the app to simulate a BLE Peripheral with one of three services: * Battery Service * Heart Rate Service * Health Thermometer ServiceDevelopers can use the new Web Bluetooth features to connect to the app to Read and Write Characteristics, Subscribe to Notifications for when the Characteristics change, and Read and Write Descriptors.From the app, developers can set the characteristics' values, send notifications and disconnect.
Phone 7 Lock Screen iPhone 7 Lock Screen - The next version of OS 9, is released. You want to experience the phone 7 with style OS 10 on your android phone ? iOS 10 Lock Screen will help you do it.This app is the best free Lock Screen iOS 10 with iNotification and iControl. Now download it and use it as iPhone lock screen to prank your friends.Features of iPhone 7 Lock Screen◆ Simulate the best iphone7/iOS 10 Lock screen◆ Slide To Unlock◆ Display Unread SMS/Missed Call counter on screen locker◆ Multiple iOS10 HD Wallpaper ◆ Set pin lock screen to strengthen security.◆ Support unlock sound and vibrate◆ Support 12-Hour and 24-Hour formatiPhone 7 Lock Screen, easy to custom and use, best security for your device. Download now and turn your phone into íPhone 7 with OS 10. We will give you a great experience, and completely different from the style iOS10. Thanks
How To Call Or Text A Girl This application give you an information about a Guide app - How To Call Or Text A GirlWith our app you will learn:Reintroduce yourselfMake small talkBow out earlySet up next timeOpen with a compliment the second timeGet her numbreKnow when to end the callGive it a few days before you call againApplication Features:- Useful guide .- You can share this guide to others.- Easy to use.Download this top How to fall asleep anywhere  app, for free, and enjoy the free guide
Muslim Dua Before Studying A lightweight app that made to help you read Muslim dua before studying.Stunning backgroundeasy to installsmall sized apptags: Muslim, moslem, dua, do'a, studying, pray
Top Funny Ringtones 2017😂 Our Android application contains the best 100 best funny ringtones and sound for free, download and listen to all sounds and set it as ringtones or notifications or SMS sound or Whatsapp ™ Alerts. The application includes: cool sounds Music and comedy say ringtones are created for adults as children, for girlfriend as best friend also for SMS and notifications (hilarious SMS ringtones & notification sounds for SMS) also ringtones. It contains another category of comedy sounds for all family members such as: Baby laugh Ringtones or playful baby laugh, hilarious husband ringtones / man calls or ringtones for my wife calling me too we have other kinds of the best funniest noises from daddy, kids, mama like famous amusing ringtones free of charge your mom calls. Without forgetting, funny ringtones your boss also has some dirty and rude and silly texte news. With top funny noises soundboard 2017, you'll be laughing when your phone rings, have fun when you get a call or a text message every time and anywhere , This is the reason why we have many melodies from different countries: English, why do not you want to answer me, French like Hey Patron français, German "German SMS" Afrikaans & Arabic sounds like Egyptian ringtones "Hilarious Arabian Song", Spanish sounds Such as the famous Ariiba Arriba & latest humor ringtones. Lots of Japanese ringtones free "Cute Japenese SMS", Chinese without forgetting playful ringtones Korean / Jamaican / Romanian / Mexican "Mexican Ringtone" / Russian and Redneck "Redneck Call". Since we have many countries, we should mention amusing Bollywood and different languages: Indian as Angry Indian, Punjabi (Funny Punjabi Ringtones, Mom Mommy) / Tamil & Marathi also funny ringtones in Urdu, Bangla "Nada Dering Sunda Paling" and Tagalog. .. Etc.Let your phone no longer suffer, you get these cool mobile ringtones and avoid all routine problems of standard melodies. Features of the best funniest tunes 🙂 🤣️🤣️ 🤣️🤣️ Set cool as notification, alarm, sms and Assign contacts mainly for funny animals' sounds: like chiken song, elephant entertaining ringtones and cat.🤣️ Set the timer to play the sound: funny alarm clock alarm sounds, funny alarm games / Christmas & funny holiday ringtones.🤣️ funny Remix Tonalities: All sounds are in high quality (funny ringtones romantic and love) 🤣️ Free loud cool songs and voice tones, amazing (Samsung Galaxy S6, Samsung Galaxy S8 and S7 Edge, iPhone 7 and 8, Google Pixel, Motorcycle Z, G4, ZTE Axon 7, HTC 10, Sony Xperia XZ, Lumia 950, Huawei P9, Oppo F1, R7, X pure motorcycle, Xiaomi, Nokia). Our app fits all Android devices.
Examples NativeScript This app shows scenarios developers can achieve using NativeScript. Browse the examples to get first-hand experience with the framework. A Source code preview is available for every example. If you are interested, please visit in GitHub - http://github.com/NativeScript/nativescript-marketplace-demo
Lottie Lottie is an animation library built by Airbnb that renders Adobe After Effects animations in real time on Android, iOS and React Native. This is a sample app that includes several animations as well as different ways Lottie can be used in a real app.For more information, read out blog post here: http://airbnb.design/introducing-lottie/And visit our github page here: https://github.com/airbnb/lottie-android
BLE SensorTag This is not an official application for TI SensorTag. It is sample project for Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE) usage on Android. There was TI SensorTag module used for demonstration.There were SensorTag UUIDs linked in application to get information from BLE device sensors.Please note that you need TI SensorTag device to use with this application. You can order one at TI market: http://www.ti.com/sensortagSource code can be found on GitHub: https://github.com/StevenRudenko/BleTISensorTagOfficial application can be downloaded from TI site: http://www.ti.com/tool/sensortag-sw
NIST Viewer Display and view ANSI/NIST-ITL 1-2000 , ANSI/NIST-ITL 1-2007 and ANSI/NIST-ITL 1-2011 biometric files. This viewer uses the IDX NIST Impex API for Android™, to easily display fingerprint, iris and profile images along with all other associated biometrics and personal contextual information.
Libraries for developers This application provides a collection of third party libraries, as a developer this application is essential for you.You will have information about the author, captures, license, description, links of the library and you can try a working example within the application.Recently it has added a tab with SNIPPETS that will be updated constantly.In order to collect the largest possible number of libraries the version of the application is ICS.Most applications are listed on github, others are from google code and bitbucket.From this application we want to thank all the developers who publish their libraries for the benefit of others.We hope that developers might find it useful.Libraries included:-------------------* "Done and Discard" by Roman Nurik* "ActionBarSherlock" by Jake Wharton* "ListViewAnimations" by nhaarman* "FlipImageView" by Antoine Merle* "PropertyAnimation" by wminiboy* "ChartView" by nadavfima* "QuickReturn Listview" by Lars Werkman* "Scrolling Tricks" by Roman Nurik* "IndexableListView" by Daniel Nam* "DragSortListView" by Carl A. Bauer* "CustomFastScrollView" by Nolan Lawson* "RibbonMenu" by David Scott* "ArcMenu" frombydaCapricorn* "Radial Menu Widget" by Arindam Nath* "MenuDrawer" by Gökhan Akkurt* "SimpleSideDrawer" by adamrocker* "Android-fb-like-slideout-navigation" by Alex Korovyansky* "ActionsContentView" by Steven Rudenko* "NewPopupMenu" frombyu1aryz* "UndoBar" by Liao Kai* "PopupDemo" by Nolan Lawson* "Popup Custom" by unparallellogical* "PopupwindowDemo" by MichaelYe* "NewQuickAction" by Lorensius W. L. T* "Android Custom Tabs" by Lawrence D'Oliveiro* "Jazzy ViewPager" by Jeremy Feinstein* "Android-flip" by OpenAphid-Engine* "Android Lock Pattern" by Hai Bison* "Swipe-To-Dismiss" by Roman Nurik* "Android-Validator" by Benjamin Besse* "Universal-Image-Loader" by Gökhan Akkurt* "PinEntry" by webile-android* "UrlImageViewHelper" by Koushik Dutta* "ParallaxScrollView" by Christopher Jenkins* "LazyList" by Fedor Vlasov* "HoloCircularProgressBar" by passsy* "TimesSquare" by Square* "RoundedImage" by makeramen* "IconicTextView" by Artur Termenji* "AutoScaleTextView" by Andreas Krings* "PinProgress" by Roman Nurik* "Wheel widget" by Alessandro Crugnola* "View Badger" by Jeff Gilfelt* "PagerSlidingTabStrip" by Andreas Stütz* "SlideMenu" by TangKe* "Android-ProgressFragment" by Evgeny Shishkin* "GlowPadView" by nadavfima* "HoloColorPicker" by Lars Werkman* "TabCarouselLib" by Andrew Neal* "StickyListHeaders" by Emil Sjölander* "AndroidSideMenu" by Dmitry Zaitsev* "PhotoView" by Chris Banes* "SlideExpandableListView" by Tjerk Wolterink* "aFileChooser" by Paul Burke* "PinnedSectionListView" by Sergej Shafarenka* "PinnedHeaderListView" by mldeng* "SugaredListAnimations" by cuub* "JazzyListView" by Two Toasters* "TwoWayGridView" by Jess Anders* "AnyTextView" by Hans Petter Eide* "Crouton" by Benjamin Weiss- "RoboDemo" by stephanenicolas- "PullToRefresh" by Chris Banes- "Android Form EditText" by Andrea Baccega- "Hansel and Gretel" by Jake Wharton- "NumericPageIndicator" by Manuel Peinado- "RichEditText" by Mark Murphy- "RefreshActionItem" by Manuel Peinado- "colorPicker" by biboune- "HoloGraphLibrary" by Daniel Nadeau- "MessageBar" by Simon Vig - "Square-ProgressBar" by Ted Halcyon- "Showcase View" (Utils) by mhama.- "Progress Wheel" by Todd Davies- "colorPicker" by Daniel Nilsson- "StyledDialogs for Android" by Inmite s.r.o.- "FadingActionBar" by Manuel Peinado- "PinterestListView" by oasis2008- "PanesLibrary" by Mapsaurus- "ATableView" by Diego Acosta- "Satellite Menu" by Siyamed SINIR- "GlassActionBar" (ActionBar) by Manuel Peinado- "xButton" (Widgets) by WenDong... and more
OS9 i Video Calling Screen 6S Clone your android phone to OS9 Phone 6S with i Calling Screen with added feature of video caller ID. It's original theme of OS9 Phone 6S specially made to work on Android phone. You can now replace your phone's default calling screen with the OS9 Video calling screen theme. You can set your personal videos as caller ID or set separate videos each for different contacts.There are many options to customize your call screen with different themes. You can set video caller ID just like video caller tunes. You can set different background or photo from your mobile gallery as calling screen background. There are different answer and rejects button themes too. App features : - Full screen Video Incoming Calling Screeen- Full screen Photo Outgoing Calling Screen.- You can activate both or any incoming and outgoing call screen.- Set different videos as your incoming caller ID.- customize the background of your calling screen by selecting from given default backgrounds in the app or select your photos from mobile gallery as calling screen background. - Select from different OS theme answer and reject buttons. - Displays profile photo of every saved contacts. - It's a full screen HD calling screen with both incoming and outgoing call screens. - Call confirm, call waiting, call hold, mute and conference calling available. - Easy UI and different beautiful themes available. - Update to latest version for latest calling screen themes.
DRONE FPV + DRONE FPV +
Id Calls Locator When the phone rings, id calls locator's incoming phone number, the origin of the call (country, state ...) on the map show. This can help you predict who is calling when the number is not in your directory. This is even more useful to define unknown numbers whose origin is sometimes difficult to define. Features: - Id calls locator track user location or unknown numbers location exactly on the card .-- Id calls locator have been a helpful application, you can use cell phone numbers With STD and ISD code. This application is used to get individual call logs and individual contacts information with the operators name, city and state. Id Calls Locator application will be useful for you to find caller location offline. With Id With locator calls, you can find STD and ISD code for all cities and countries. - To reach caller location details, users do not need to connect to the Internet, Id with Calls Locator application. - To use the Mobile ID with Calls Locator application You and text with the message for the dialed number can be called in the app.
Note feather wallpaper I`m sure awesome with u.recommend u to install it to beauty your phone screen.Can set if the effect on or off in seting.Also can load your phone`s photo in bacground  in seting.To use: Home -> Menu -> Wallpapers -> Live WallpapersNote: If your wallpaper resets to default after reboot, you will need put the app on phone instead of SD card.Beautiful feather fly and touch live wallpaper
Scandit Barcode Scanner Demo The award-winning Scandit Barcode Scanner SDK transforms smartphones, tablets and wearable devices into enterprise-grade barcode scanning tools for consumers and employees. The Scandit Barcode Scanner Demo app showcases the barcode scanning performance of the Scandit Barcode Scanner SDK. Use this demo app to see how fast and reliable the Scandit Barcode Scanner SDK scans 1D, 2D and Composite codes. Alternatively, sign up for a free test SDK at http://www.scandit.com to integrate the Scandit Barcode Scanner SDK into your own mobile app.
MameDB MameDB is an Android app that supports you maintaining your Mame roms. This app is useful to you if you ever asked yourself one of the following questions (or similar ones)* What "good" shooters would be supported by my RetroPie (Raspberry Pi), e.g. filter by version added <= 37 (because this is the version used by RetroPie)* What roms are missing in my collection? - filter by availability* How many roms where added since my current mame version?* How many unique roms do I have (excluding clones)?* How many roms are emulated by Neo-Geo BIOS?* How many roms remain, if I subtract all genres I don't like (e.g. Casino / Fruit Machines)?* etcpp... What the app is NOT:* it doesn't include any roms* it doesn't link to download resources* it doesn't include ads & doesn't cost anything (though you are encouraged to donate - see button below or in app at the about screen -, if you find that app usefulThe app uses the following PERMISSIONS:* INTERNET: to access pictures* READ/WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE: to im-/export files
Scale Image View Demo This is a demo of Subsampling Scale Image View, a free Android library for the display of large images, with gesture detection for zoom and pan. This demo shows most of the features available.This custom view can be used to display images in a gallery, or for viewing large images such as building plans. It's easily extendible to add overlaid graphics aligned with the image, for example marker pins or custom shapes.The project, including the source of this app, is hosted on GitHub at https://github.com/davemorrissey/subsampling-scale-image-viewImage display===================* Display huge images, larger than can be loaded into memory* Show high resolution detail on zooming in* Tested up to 20,000x13,000px, though larger images are slower* Display images from assets or the file system* Automatically rotate images from the file system (e.g. the camera or gallery) according to EXIF* Manually rotate images in 90° increments* Swap images at runtimeGesture detection===================* One finger pan* Two finger pinch to zoom* Pan while zooming* Seamless switch between pan and zoom* Fling momentum after panning* Double tap to zoom in and out* Options to disable pan and/or zoom gesturesAnimation===================* Public methods for animating the scale and center* Customisable duration and easing* Optional uninterruptible animationsEasy integration===================* Use within a ViewPager to create a photo gallery* Easily restore scale, center and orientation after screen rotation* Can be extended to add overlay graphics that move and scale with the image* Handles view resizing and wrap_content layout
Safe Kids Safe Kids is the first international free application to end the phenomenon of forgetting kids inside the vehicles. The application is designed to protect the children from danger all the time to prevent forgetting the kids inside the vehicles with special and smart capabilities so it saves your children of 99% in case of correct usage of the application. The application was designed and developed by the engineer Ahmad Butto. This application has special features:1. A smart system to protect your children 24 hours and it doesn't need any other device inside your car. 2. Safe Kids application automatically senses once you pull over your car and it starts to send alerts" I am your child and I am with you inside this car"It is also possible to choose the option of determining the time of coming back to the car within couple of minutes and so the application will alert you when the time is over.3. In case of forgetting the child inside the car, the application automatically calls the mother (the driver) so she gets back to the car. If the mother does not reply, the application sends a text message to the emergency numbers that are saved in the application, the text message includes the location of the car, it's color, it's number , the humidity and temperature  at that time so the child can be saved from an inevitable danger. 4. Safe kids application follows your movements while driving the car and it also alerts you in case there is an obstacle or danger that threatens your life of your children lives. Such as: streets' disturbance, animals crossing the road you will be alerted of those threatens which are some kilometers away of your current location. 5 Safe kids application tracks the speed of your car and in case of exceeding the speed limit it will warn you to decrease the speed and keep you and your kids safe.6 Safe kids application has a feature of (Safe Kids Near). In case of forgetting a child inside the car and the parents' mobile and emergency are not answering the application calls, Safe Kids will call the closest person to the car's parking place in order to save the child. 7. In each account of this application, there is a system to adjust  the appointments of each kid in his personal file and list the last place that the kid was at in order not to forget him inside the car.
Free APKPURE 2017 Tips This app is a guide for Apkpur the version of 2017 .This app helps you to find the best new android app for free With Last version of Apkpure you can find new and the best free android apps and games & download them all.Explore the top, new and the best free android apps at one the store place & download them all.FEATURES :**How to get Apkpure**How to install apps from apkpure.**How to use Apkpure app**Find top new apps**This app is like APVN and APPTOID, mobile1**Get top new and popular games**Apk downloader*Please kindly note that according to Google Play Developer Policy, all downloading or update is redirecting to Google Play.
Disco Lights Disco Lights Flash of color to create atmosphere. Ideal for illuminating spaces and putting one or more mobile with application in different places and color with shine and style.
KViewQR Err:509
Live maps Guide Live maps help to view a locations and receive real time data information regarding incident reports and GPS route planning. A world map of the positions of satellites above the Earth's surface, and a planetarium view showing where they appear in the night sky.Satellite Live Maps view opens up new methods of staying in touch, sharing information, locating addresses and now, it allows you to view specific addresses from satellite map live.Live maps Satellite view opens up new methods of staying in touch, sharing information, locating addresses and now, it allows you to view specific addresses from satellite map live. Major Internet entities like Google or TerraServer allow you to enter an address live view satellite of earth, sometimes even down to a specific home or building. In many cases, this technology is free, requiring only a fast Internet connection. DISCLAIMER : This is Guide app only
Threema QR Scanner Plugin A slim QR code scanner plug-in for Threema from version 1.4. It only requires access to the camera and no other permissions. *** Important: This is an extension for Threema, the secure instant messenger. It does NOT run as a stand-alone app and does not appear in the app overview.
Open Emoji Plugin A set of emoji that uses open emoji graphics from http://emojione.com/
Photo Slideshow PLEASE READ:This app DOES NOT support saving to video or sharing.This app shows your photos on your phone just like a digital photo frame. Main features:1, Support multiple folders2, More than 10 effects3, Loop play, random play and sequential play4, Support background music5, Save and load slides6. Tap to show next photo
TTS Utility Make your device speak favorite words with TTS Engine.  When you did't install any TTS engines, you can get no sounds.
PokeSniper PokeSniper for Android
Rock.Paper.Scissors-Sketchware * What is Sketchware ?Sketchware is a visualized android development environment based on Scratch  that allows anyone to program android applicationshttps://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.besome.sketch * Scratch, a programming language invented by MIT, is an innovative beginner's   introduction to programming that transforms the complex language of text-based coding into visual, drag-and-drop building blocksThis is one of many examples you can explore on Sketchware!Programming is easy and fun to learn!Visit our homepage to access various source codes and your exported projects.http://sketchware.io
williamchart https://github.com/diogobernardino/williamchart
L/Lollipop dialog demo Create beautiful android 5.0+ dialogs on android 2.3+ devices.Github pagehttps://github.com/rosenpin/Android-L-DIalog
HDIPC360 This APP is used for 180,360 degree fisheye wireless panoramic ip camera, supports video share, audio and video synchronization view, real-time intercom, motion detection, and automatic recording, video playback.
WebBroswer- Sketchware * What is Sketchware ?SKETCHWARE™ is a visualized android development environment based on Scratch 2.0 that allows anyone to program android applicationshttps://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.besome.sketch * Scratch, a programming language invented by MIT, is an innovative beginner's   introduction to programming that transforms the complex language of text-based coding into visual, drag-and-drop building blocksThis is one of many examples you can explore on Sketchware!Programming is easy and fun to learn!Visit our homepage to access various source codes and your exported projects.http://sketchware.io
Make Hair Removal Wax At Home This application give you an information about a Guide app - how to Make Hair Removal Wax At HomeWith our app you will learn:all natural hair removal wax at home hair removal wax cool hair removal gel waxdangerous of hair removal waxpplication Features:- Useful guide .- You can share this guide to others.- Easy to use.Download this top How to fall asleep anywhere  app, for free, and enjoy the free guide
Books Reviews Read and write reviews online in our Books Catalog. We offers you over 10 million titles across categories such as Children’s Books, Business & Economics, Writing, Literature & Fiction.Reading books and shop online at Worlds Largest Bookstore.From books for dummies, to textbooks for students, there are a wide variety of books. You can explore the young adults books store if you’re looking to gift a nice book to a teenager, where you can find books from the best-selling series.Innumerable books are divided under various categories like action & adventure, business & economics, comics & mangas, crime, thriller & mystery, fiction, humour, and romance. You can browse by genre when you buy online making it more convenient for you to narrow down your choices. Then there are biographies and true accounts bestsellers as well. These books are available in different formats like hardcover, paperback, and board book.Gone are the days, when books were always hand-held. Some selected range of free eBooks are present if you want to download them on to your device. Apart from that, there are audiobooks, which can be used by those who prefer listening to reading. When you shop online, there are hot pre-orders. You can easily secure that book you’ve always wanted to read, as the book will be delivered at your doorstep soon after its official release. You also have easy access to most of the new arrivals, with book descriptions that help you get an idea about the book without spoilers.Read book reviews written by our customers, and review your favourite books too. So, whether you are looking to buy a story book for children; study guides for engineering, law or medicine; Biographies or books on Computing & Digital Media; We have few books for you.You can also buy used books. Explore the Used Books StoreTags: Buy a book, Purchase Book, Books Catalogue, Library, Order a Book, Find a book, Search a book.List of top 100 books of all time:1984, A Doll's House, A Sentimental Education, Absalom, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn, The Aeneid, Anna Karenina, Beloved, Berlin Alexanderplatz, Blindness, The Book of Disquiet, The Book of Job, The Brothers Karamazov, Buddenbrooks, Canterbury Tales, The Castle, Children of Gebelawi, Collected Fictions, Complete Poems, The Complete Stories, The Complete Tales, Confessions of Zeno, Crime and Punishment, Dead Souls, The Death of Ivan Ilyich and Other Stories, Decameron, The Devil to Pay in the Backlands, Diary of a Madman and Other Stories, The Divine Comedy, Don Quixote, Essays, Fairy Tales and Stories, Faust, Gargantua and Pantagruel, Gilgamesh Mesopotamia, The Golden Notebook, Great Expectations, Gulliver's Travels, Gypsy Ballads, Hamlet, History, Hunger, The Idiot, The Iliad, Independent People, Invisible Man, Jacques the Fatalist and His Master, Journey to the End of the Night, King Lear, Leaves of Grass, The Life and Opinions of Tristram Shandy, Lolita, Love in the Time of Cholera, Madame Bovary, The Magic Mountain, Mahabharata, The Man Without Qualities, The Mathnawi, Medea, Memoirs of Hadrian, Metamorphoses, Middlemarch, Midnight's Children, Moby-Dick, Mrs. Dalloway, Njaals Saga, Nostromo, The Odyssey, Oedipus the King Sophocles, Old Goriot, The Old Man and the Sea, One Hundred Years of Solitude, The Orchard, Othello, Pedro Paramo, Pippi Longstocking, Poems, The Possessed, Pride and Prejudice, The Ramayana, The Recognition of Sakuntala, The Red and the Black, Remembrance of Things Past, Season of Migration to the North, Selected Stories, Sons and Lovers, The Sound and the Fury, The Sound of the Mountain, The Stranger, The Tale of Genji, Things Fall Apart, Thousand and One Nights, The Tin Drum, To the Lighthouse, The Trial, Trilogy: Molloy, Ulysses, War and Peace, Wuthering Heights, Zorba the Greek.
The best ringtones 2017 🔥 The most famous SMS alert tone or a notification or the best ringtones in 2017 the choice is now possible with our application. It is very easy to install 2017 new popular ringtones, the app will work just on your Android device Known and most frequently mentioned phone sounds. Come this app from 2017 to install best new ringtones "Free New Songs", and share with your friends as well as your family. Our equal pitching tones are of the high quality, the diversification and the originality of the Melodies without forgetting the entertainment and the great joy. Various kinds of melodies-have been selected in the app: free funny ringtones, Christmas sound 2017 children's tones, Christmas, classic, love, professional, natural sounds animal, birthday sounds, soft tones (Guitar, flute and violin) and ang nice 2017 instrumental song. With top melodies 2017 Him The possibility-to have to impress your friends with the best ringtones free music for better fun and relaxation, you will own more than 50 awesome sounds. A simple and sufficient search to find your favorite sounds effects in 2017. Get the best sounds and songs in 2017 on your mobile phone aussi remix sounds, old movie sound, bollywood music, dupstep, birds ... etc. that Main goal MOST Universal without internet.2017 Top ringtones are a simple qui is easy to use interface. A big thank you to our faithful users for our applications and ringtones and notification TOP free melodies with. ★ ♫ ★ Features of Best Mobile Music 2017 ★ ♫ ★ ♫♫ ability to choose your new sound, and you can determine your free phone sounds for 2017 calls, SMS notifications, alarm or tone dial effects. ♫♫ New MP3 ringtones free to update your phone New melodies, unlimited music playback sound. A variety of playlists ♫♫ Perfect sound quality and fast access to all the best mobile music in 2017 for Android. Most popular ringtones 2017-has been on mobile Several like (Samsung Galaxy s7 year of S7 Edge iPhone ™ 7 & 8, Google Pixel , Moto Z, G4, ZTE Axon 7, HTC 10, Sony Xperia XZ, LG G5, Microsoft Lumia 950 tested Huawei P9, Oppo F1, R7). It is suitable for most Android ™ devices.
API Demos for Android 400+ searchable Demos!Includes the following API Demos for Android• API Demos - Graphics, Animations, Hardware, Views etc.• Support Leanback Showcase Demos - Android TV• Support Design Demos - Material: NavigationView, AppBar, Snackbar, FAB, TabLayout• Support Percent Demos - PercentFragment: PercentFrameLayout, PercentRelativeLayout• Support App Navigation - Activity, Action Bar, Notification• Support v4 Demos - Fragments, Loaders Accessibility etc. • Support v7 Demos - AppCompat, CardView, RecycleView, Casting with MediaRouter• Support v13 Demos - Fragments, Pagers and Action Bar TabsExtra:• App Invite Demo - Invite others to test the app• Mobile Vision Demos - Face Tracker, Multi-Tracker• "Cheesesquare" Support Design demo by Chris Banes• Easter eggs? see comments?☆☆☆☆☆  if you find the app helpful, please comment and rate  ☆☆☆☆☆Q&AQ: Samples -> Opened GitHub link do not return what I'm looking for?A: The further down the rabbit hole you go (drill down), the chance to find something you are looking for decreases... Why? The GitHub menu action will try to generate a direct url from "where you are" in the app to a corresponding GitHub page.   It's done by trying to open a matching GitHub page based on the package name and the title for the samples you are looking at.A match will open a direct link to the same position in the GitHub repository for this sample on GitHub. No match on the generated url will instead return a GitHub search query url.Why? instead of a 404 page you can still kind of find what you are looking for.Tips: A good indication is the visible GitHub icon, it should give you the matching webpage,except under "Search" it will always return a GitHub search query url.#Drill down example result :At: "API Demos/App"-> package name is 'com.examples.android.apis.app'-> matching url will be [repo src folder url]/com/example/android/apis/app-> matchBut At: "API Demos/App/Activity"-> package name: com.examples.android.apis.app.activity'-> url: /com/example/android/apis/app/activity-> NO MATCHQ: Search -> Opened GitHub link do not return what I'm looking for?A: Right now this will only return java code result under GitHub: android/platform_development/samples.Tips: To improve a match long click one of the list item first before you use this action.Q: Where can I find the sample code included in this app?A: The samples included in the app can all be found on GitHub:https://github.com/android/platform_development/tree/master/samplesTips: use the GitHub icon in the app to open the corresponding GitHub pageGoogle samples can be found here https://github.com/googlesamples?query=androidQ: What is the purpose of this app?A: The main goal has been to provide a option for developers to quickly lookup and run some of the various sample code for Android that is available on GitHub.The benefit of this is that you don't have to compile the sample code yourself just to see how it looks and behave.And it gives the opportunity to see if there is something in the available samples you can use for your next or current project.Tips: Test out the various samples just to get a better understanding of what can be done on Android, or just to give you some new ideas for your next app project;)Q: Where is the guide? How to create every single sample?A: There is no guide except for the Java doc and comments in the code for the sample on GitHub.But some samples will have a link to a corresponding webpage with a guide, and the Change Log Dialog includes links that could help.Tips: Official Android Training Page: Go to http://developer.android.com/training/ for guides on how to do all kind of cool stuff on Android.Download the samples: http://developer.android.com/samplesQ: Some samples are crashing on my device?A: There is no guarantee that all samples will work on every deviceTips: Please send a report if asked by the system, and use the Menu Action "Issues" to send a report.
Guide for Slither.io Slither.ioI really like to play Slither.io, and you probably do too if you're looking for advice slither.io on how to get good at slither.io. so of course you want to get better at slither.io.This application contains tips, traps and strategies for the amusement of slither.io. This implies it will be much less demanding to play and win slither.io. This guide for slitherio consists of different categories, controls, strategies, pellets (pellets eaten), snakes and tricks for slither.io. In each you will find all the information needed to advance in the game and make your snake one of the biggest in the game slither.io.Guide For Slither.io is the How to of the hugely popular snake game. Slither.io it has a great gameplay, first-class sound quality and a global competition mode give you the ability to challenge your speed reactionHighlights:-Slither.io: Tips, tricks and cheats-Slither.io: eat your way to the top-Slither.io: How to get to 50k+-Slither.io: Guide to becoming the best snakeThese are just some tips to help you get better at Slither.io and more regularly make your way to the top 10 at Slither.io . This advice isn't bulletproof, but it's worked for me and I have little trouble getting into the top 10 unless the map of Slither.io I'm on's top 10 is swimming with 50000+ size snakes. Get out there and slither your way to snake obesity!Note:This application is not UNOFFICAL of Slither.io this application make by fan guide Slither.io
Hello Google Play Demo Hello World
Brother Print SDK Demo The Brother Print SDK Demo is a demo application used to print image files, PDF files and other files on the Brother mobile printers and label printers listed below.  You can send and print the image files or PDF files from your Android device via a Bluetooth, USB or WiFi connection.  [Supported Printers]MW-140BT, MW-145BT, MW-260, MW-260MFi, MW-145MFi,PJ-562, PJ-563, PJ-522, PJ-523,PJ-662, PJ-663, PJ-622, PJ-623,PJ-773, PJ-762, PJ-763, PJ-763MFi, PJ-722, PJ-723, RJ-2030, RJ-2050, RJ-2140, RJ-2150, RJ-3050, RJ-3150,RJ-3050Ai, RJ-3150Ai, RJ-4030, RJ-4040, RJ-4030AiTD-2020, TD-2120N, TD-2130N,TD-4000, TD-4100N,QL-710W, QL-720NW,QL-800, QL-810W, QL-820NWB,PT-E550W, PT-P750W, PT-E800W, PT-D800W, PT-E850TKW, PT-P900W, PT-P950NW(Brother laser printers and ink-jet printers are not supported.) [Limitations for PDF printing function]*For PDF printing, a watermark is automatically printed on each printed document.*For PDF printing, you can use this application for 2 months. After 2 months the trail period will expire and PDF files can no longer be printed.*Since this application is only used to demonstrate the capability of the Brother Print SDK for the Android OS, no permanent version of this demo application will be available.*There is no limitation for image printing function.[How to use]1. Pair the printer and Android device via Bluetooth by using the "Bluetooth Settings". In case of Wi-Fi connection for RJ-4040, you don't need to pair the printer and Android device in advance2. Select the printer from the "Printer Settings".3. Click the "Select" button, and select the image file or PDF file for printing.4. Click the "Print" button to print your image or PDF document.[Troubleshooting]*If you have a problem with the Bluetooth connection, please disconnect the Bluetooth paring and reconnect it. *If you have the problem of Wi-Fi connection, please select the printer again."[Brother Print SDK]The Brother Print SDK (Software Development Kit) is available for application developers who want to integrate the image printing function onto their own application.  A copy of the Brother Print SDK can be downloaded from the Brother Developer Center: http://www.brother.com/product/dev/mobile/android/index.htm[Brother PDF Print SDK]The Brother PDF Print SDK (Software Development Kit) is available for application developers who want to integrate the PDF printing function without any limitation onto their own application.  To obtain a copy of the Brother Print SDK (unlimited version), please contact with your nearest Brother sales office.
Open Router Settings Known Issues: ◉ Apparently the app crashes on some devices rather than displaying the appropriate warning message when WLAN is enabled on the device but is not connected to a wireless router. Functions: ◉ Open your router settings in an integrated Browser.◉ Open your router settings to an external browser of your choice.◉ View network information about your current connections.
Bigg Boss 10 HD Enjoy every update on this unofficial app of Bigg Boss . We have tried our best to give you all latest Bigg Boss news and wiki  of every Bigg boss Contestent.Features-* Instant Update* Fans Chat * Audience Poll* Bigg Boss Season 10* Opening Ceremony* Bigg Boss Finale We hope that you will like our service. Please note that this is a Fan app just made for discussing and enjoying live Bigg Boss 10 feeds .
Guide Shadow Fight 2 Shadow Fight 2 Guide You just quick start strategy guide will provide you with detailed images, tips, information, and hints on how to play your best game shadow fight 2. Lets be honest, the difficult levels are hard of shadow fight. However using these Shadow fight 2 hints and tips we can beat those harder levels of Shadow fight 2. In order to win we simply need to avoid their attacks. Don’t get backed into a corner, avoid this by making use of rolls and jumps in Shadow fight2. Content in this app we collected from various sources so that you can learn easily in this application Shadow fight 2. This application contains tips, tricks, and strategies to win the game Shadow Fight 2. There are some tips and tricks on every level, ranging from low level to high level. Find the best way that you can be a winner in the games Shadow Fight 2. It is perfect for beginners and intermediate players.This is a free app, if you enjoyed our information, please share it and leave your ratingsYou will get the best way and good trick on this app.If you love Shadow Fight 2, then this is the perfect game guide app for you.Disclaimer : This guide is intended only to assist people playing this excellent game. All characters, locations, images and video game content are copyright of their respective owners and usage for this game guide falls within fair use guidelines and this app is unoffical Shadow Fight 2 this app just app guide make by fan guide game Shadow Fight 2
free showbox guide Show box tv, is a movie guide app to help users who love movies, shows and music to get Show Box on any device and platform.#ShowBox is regarded as one of the best free Android HD movie apps as it allows users to watch new movies and shows in HD for free.DISCLAIMER :This is not an official New #ShowboxMovie Guide Free or show box app, not associated or affiliated with developers of any app or any of their partners. All information and content collected belongs to their respective copyright holders.We do not claim any ownership of any kind.
Guide to game MinionEile Guide to game Minion Rush make you easy to play Despicable Me: Minion Rush! A shameful action is booting a minion out of the way. Most of the time all you have to do is be in the track that they are in. In later levels you have to jump or slide to get them. This will come naturally when playing through the game as some of the latter levels require even more than 20 just to get the first fruits. Guiding for Minion Rush is GO A complete guide and cheats for this game Minion Rush Guide for minigolf offer all the tutorials, cheat codes, tricks and hints to master the game. This guide is an unofficial fan guide to Minion Rush game. How can you not get irritated with these Nice favorites from Despicable Me fall in love? Although we have seen them appear here and there in the movie, but it has never been a definitive guide to the names of these diligent minions until today. Allow game minion rush to unravel the identities minions in this ultimate guide for your favorite Despicable Me minions! The game is not all about any last banana grab, but about survival. If you run out of life you fail, no matter how many bananas you grab, so if you encounter large stains of the green runway take control of your subordinates to take device tilt functionality, since these areas are particularly slippery. This application is one Unofficial manual for the game and it is not created by the game owner. All the elements of this application are protected by the copyright of their respective owners. This manual is free for fans of this game. Do not hesitate to contact us if you think it is Infringement of copyright or trademark.
GT View GT View is video monitoring software for IPC and DVR. With cloud technology, easy log in by the device’s serial number to show the live view monitoring video to phone and do operation accordingly.
Wifi password hacker Simulator Wifi password hacker simulator is a prank app that gives the impression you can hack a WiFi network. This prank app creates the illusion that it can hack into secured wireless networks protected with WEP, AES or WPA2 encryption. It doesn't actually harms or breaks into wireless networks. But it's an awesome TOOL to impress your friends and with which you can have fun. It makes you look like a proficient hacker and a technical genius. This is a very delightful prank to play on your friends.How to use:This tool has an wireless network scanner (the wifi scanner) that will detect all the wifi hotspots in range, with either good or bad signal. The detected wireless networks are displayed in a list of wifi network identifiers.Choose the id of one of the wifi networks from this list. After a simulation of hacking a fake GENERATED password will be displayed, as if the target network was broken into. See how amazed your friends are by your hacker talent and enjoy!★Go to the place where wireless network is provided. The private network, wireless hotspot and Wifi tethering is all ok.★Launch our Wifi Hack and press the start button. The Wifi tool will detect all the wireless networks nearby of which the Wifi signal can be detected.★Select the wifi id you want to crack.★The Wi-Fi hacker 2017 will show the fake animations which analyzes the wifi info and breaking process.★In the end the password of the network will be displayed.DISCLAIMER:Once again, as stated above, please remember that this app is not an actual hacker tool. Displayed passwords are randomly generated. To really hack into networks is illegal and immoral.If you like this app, rate us and perhaps write us a few lines. Your feedback will be much appreciated.
Svadhisthana Sakralchakra Three kind of meditation with music and visualization for the Svadhishthana Chakra: * Kundalini yoga meditation * Tibetan sound bowl meditation * Solfeggio frequency 417 Hz * Orange color visualization therapy (chromotherapy) Stimulate your Svadhishthana Chakra energy through these melodies of your choice .Svadhishthana, or sacral chakra, is the second primary chakra after Hindu tantrism. The six petals represent the following modes of consciousness, also known as vrittis: affection, relentlessness, feeling of all-destructiveness, delusion, contempt and mistrust.Svadhishthana is associated with the Unconscious and connected with emotions. It is closely related to the Muladhara in this Muladhara is where the various samskaras (potential Karmas) slumber, and Svadhisthana is where these samskaras find expression. It is associated with the element of water, the taste and the act of procreation.Svadhishthana contains unconscious desires, especially sexual desire. It is said that increasing the Shakti (energy of consciousness) over Svadhishthana is difficult. Many saints had been confronted with this chakra linked to sexual temptations. One who meditates on Svadhishthana is believed to receive the following siddhis or occult powers: the freedom of enemies, the status of a gentleman under yogis, eloquence and clarity ("words like nectar Flow in well-founded discourse "), loss of fear of water, awareness of astral beings, and the ability to taste something desired for themselves or others.Svadhishthana is located above the Muladhara or root chakra, which is located in the coccyx Two fingers wide across the Muladhara Chakra. The corresponding point on the front of the body is just below the navel. It is associated with the taste, (the tongue) and with the reproduction (the genitals). It is often associated with the testes and ovaries. They produce the hormones testosterone or estrogen, which affect sexual behavior. They are stored in the areas where the genetic information is dormant, in the same way, the samskaras slumber in Svadhishthana.
Signs of good things new signs of good things and lights in the mention of prayer on the Prophet Muhammad, peace be upon him is one of the most famous books in this area, which made it the focus of many scientists, old and recent, especially Sufism, making them part of their readers read in the morning and evening. This book has been divided on the number of days of the week for each day and formulas of prayer to the Prophet peace be upon him.
Dating App This is a demo version of the Dating Application.Do you want this script and application? Link - http://codecanyon.net/item/dating-app/14781822?ref=qascript
Ppt Remote Controller 1. What is PptRemoteController :PptRemoteController is a software tool, with which user could use his smart phone control the playing of Power Point Slide Shows on his laptop.----------------------------2. How to use :a. Get and install the essential software  On your Android smart phone, install the PptRemoteController application from google play. After installation, the icon should appear in your application list.  On your laptop, click https://github.com/decemberpei/pptcontroller/blob/master/PptConrtroller.exe?raw=true  to download the executableb. Control laptop’s PPT Slide Shows using smart phone  On your smart phone, Click to run PptRemoteController in application list. The tip on the screen will ask you to connect your laptop to a specified wifi hotspot(such as PptRemoteController - 7919);  On your laptop, Run "PptConrtroller.exe", Then connect to the wifi hotspot mentioned above(single click the wifi signal icon on windows system bar, then choose the corresponding wifi hotspot name in the pop up list)c. After connection established, The smart phone will come to below screen.  Open the target PPT document on your laptop if it’s not yet open. Then try sliding the screen of your smart phone, the PPT should start playing, subsequent slidings would trigger the PPT switch to next/previous page. Note that Volume keys are also capable for switching between pages, even when smart phone’s screen is off.
My Application My Application
Girl Skins for Minecraft PE Girl Skins for Minecraft PE Free has a catalogue of skins for you to choose from. You can apply any skin to either the Pocket Edition of Minecraft or the PC Edition of Minecraft.Search through our catalogue with the built in search options, or take a look at some random skins.Girl Skins for Minecraft PE (Pocket Edition) allows you to choose and apply a skin to your Minecraft character for free with just the touch of a button! Skins can be applied within the app without the need of BlockLauncher. Within seconds you could be playing with a new, really cool skin for Minecraft Pocket Edition! Skins even work in multiplayer!NOTE: Girl Skins for Minecraft PE Free does use the internet, so please be aware of your data usage.Skins works on all maps and servers. Also you can try them with your favorite mods. Installing new skin will allow you to change the look of your character on the server. To make it more recognizable, separated from the crowd.We hope you enjoy Girl Skins for Minecraft PE Free !Enchant your Minecraft experience with loads of fantastic skins that you can apply to your character.Girl Skins for Minecraft PE Free is an unofficial application for Minecraft Pocket Edition. This application is not affiliated in any way with Mojang AB. The Minecraft Name, the Minecraft Brand and the Minecraft Assets are all property of Mojang AB or their respectful owner. All rights reserved. In accordance with http://account.mojang.com/documents/brand_guidelines
Guide The Amazing Spider-Man 3 The Amazing Spider-Man 3 Guide : This is a guide to the game Amazing spider man new games in 2017. With the new guide for games for Android, which consists of a new tips and tricks The Amazing Spider-Man to become Game Master The Amazing Spider Man 2. This will bring you more fun to play, helping you pass through many obstacles, guiding you a lot of tricks that you never know and you will win quickly .Guide to spiderman 3 is one of the best The amazing spider man 3 Tips & Guide. Guide amazing spider man 3 free is one of the best Tips & Guide. This application contains a guide to play this game which consists of several tips and tricks to simplify the lovers of this game to complete each mission in the game The Amazing Spider-Man 3.This is perhaps your best tutorial in the world that you get The Amazing Spider-Man. This Guide application The Amazing Spider-Man 2 is free; Therefore, there remains advertising displayed. Please, if the application you helped the American 5-star rating. Assessments are extremely important to us and allow us to continually improve this application The Amazing Spider-Man 3.The Amazing Spider-Man 2: This is a guide to the game spiderman games 1, spiderman 3; With the new guide to amazing spider-man games for the android, which consists of new tricks and tricks to become a game master. This will bring you more fun to play, helping you get through many Obstacles, guiding you a lot of stuff you never know and you will win quickly The Amazing Spider-Man.DISCLAIMER:This application complies with the guidelines of the copyright law of the United States of "fair use." If you feel there is a right of direct copyright or trademark infringement that does not follow within the guidelines "fair use", please contact us directly.NOTE:This is an UNOFFICIAL Guide & Tips The Amazing Spider-Man 3 for application and made by fan
Vocoder - Voice modulator Vocoder is real-time pitch shifter Stompbox-like effect. I have this app has some ideas for new pitch shifting algorithm testing and it worked fine. It's not big, but ok. It's not real vocoder logic, but a combination of my secret algorithms that I play with at the moment. I tried to make them in real-time as possible, but there is a delay due to the current Java API. However, it is funny enough, and real-time enough for you to have a good time. Imagine Vocoder:) Vocoder Features: - Dry Signal Volume Effects Signal Volume - Space Algorithm Pitch Shifting Control (range is one octave up and one octave down) Works only when headphones or speakers are connected. The reason is the feedback (feedback suppression is hard to do, and not my target at the moment)
voice changer 2017 This is the best app for changing your voice by applying effects on the audios. It is very simple to use and can generate fantastic and funny effects.Change your voice and have fun listening to your modified voice!Record your voice, apply effects, and share them with your friends.You can send your changed voices directly from Whatsapp!• Helium• Giant• Robot• Cave• Monster• Nervous• Drunk• Squirrel• Reverse• Death• ChildFEATURES:✓ Share (whatsapp, e-mail, dropbox, etc...)✓ Save recording✓ Import pre-recorded sound✓ Create voice from text✓ Set as ringtone✓ Set as notification sound
Smart Tools Smart Tools is the best smart tool box app offers more than 14 cool smart tools like Torch Light, Unit Converter, Compass, Speedometer, Scientific Calculator, Sound Meter  and many more smart tools for daily use.Smart Tools includes below super cool tools with beautiful design in all in one smart tools app. It contains:First: Compass, which is used for navigation purpose.Second: Timer, Count your time it’s simple and easy.Third: Flashlight, instantly turns your device into a bright flashlight.Four: Metal Detector, Turn your device into a metal detector machine.Fifth: GPS Location, Checkout your longitude and latitude location.Sixth: Sound Detector, Turn your device into a Sound detector machine.Seventh: Calendar, Simple Calendar that shows the dates of month on your Android Device.Eight: BMI Calculator, Simple BMI Calculator that shows you are overweight or underweight.Ninth: Age Calculator, Simple Age Calculator that shows your total age.Tenth: Recorder, It’s Record your Voice and save in a database.Eleventh: Alarm, Simple Alarm Clock for Reminder.Twelfth: Simple Calculator, simple scientific calculator to do arithmetic operations.Thirteen: Mirror, Turn your device into real time Mirror.Fourteen: Unit Converter, its convert 8 conversions that are: Temperature, Weight, Length, Power, Energy, Velocity, Area, Volume.We are continuously working on making Daily Smart Tools better. Hope you will like the app.
Material Dialogs Library Demo This is a sample project for my library on GitHub: https://github.com/afollestad/material-dialogsIf you are not an Android Developer, this application has no use to you!
Scary Stories I found some freaky stories for you. Enjoy sleeping with the lights on.It does not require internet There's no other way to say this: You'd better get some toilet paper, because you're about to get the scared.When we asked for your spookiest scary stories, we knew we'd get some freaky stuff.But we were not prepared for the creepy horrors to come. Copy Option Share via SMSShare via social message applicationsShare via social platformsA lot of special horror stories!
SmoothProgressBar Demo Demo for the lib SmoothProgressBar available on Github (https://github.com/castorflex/SmoothProgressBar)
Ultimate Template for Android Android Ultimate has over 25+ Modules embedded in a single template. These modules are categorized into three sections like1. Material Highlights2. Android Patterns 3. Bonus. All these are modules are Ready to be used in your project. Every Module is imported into the template with a simple demo of the module. You can take a look at the setup section, Video tutorials & use these modules in your project.Some of the Highlights 25+ ModulesThis Template has over 25+ Modules at present. we are planning to add more modules every month.Material HighlightsThis Section includes all the Highlights of Google's Material Design. Such as Toolbar, Tabs, FAB, Recyclerview, Pickers & Dialogs.Android PatternsThis Includes all the common patterns of Android App. Such as App Intro, Login, Pull To Refresh, Textview & UI Elements.ThemesThis Template has over 8 themes. So change the App color according to your Mood :PReady to UseJust Drag & Drop the XML files & Import Modules to use it in your App.Well DocumentedInstructions for first app (installing java, sdk etc). Step by step importing and customizing of the template.For Source Code - Mail me here arulnadhan@gmail.comFor More Info - http://au.arulnadhan.me/Note: This is a Paid Template. The Price of the Template is 30$
SQL relational database system If you use Android 6 Marshmallow or above, enable memory access permission manually for this appplication to run in task manager mode, please!Otherwise this application can't run normally in Marshmallow. No problems to run in other Android OS.SQL RDBMS (ATABASE),  the SQL relational database management system complex application for Android OS provides the next:- Creating any simple or complex relational dabases- Renaming or delete databases- Runing any simple or very complex SQL queries- Calculation any complex mathematical expressions in SELECT queries- Creating VIEWs in databases by any SQL SELECT queries- Browsing any table of a database as a table form- Browsing any  VIEW of a database as a table form- Backuping and restoring any database- Importing CSV files into new tables in a database (Windows 1251 code page for now)- Exporting tables of databases as CSV files (Windows 1251 code page for now)- Checking out any databases structure (tables and VIEWs)- Checking out any tables structures in any databases- Checking out SQL SELECT queries content of any VIEW - SQL queries templates list provided for quick learn SQL and to try- SQL Script Master mode to run any SQL script file and check the execute result list- SQL queries constructor mode to simplify the design SQL queries  process- Up to 100 last successfull SQL commands save list to retry and memory- Scripting database modes to script database structure, data of a database or database in whole- Primary key consdtraint check for all data types- SQL join RELATIONAL ALGEBRA for  join tables on all types of colums data- Reporting and sharing reports created of VIEWs data sets - Creating charts of VIEWs numeric data sets for visual qualitative representation - Creating normalized data BAR,GRAPH and PIE charts of any numeric column data of a VIEW.- TIME and DATE types components in WHERE logical expressions use. - Multi level ordering feature for all types of columns and for any component of DATE and TIME types.- Multi level grouping feature for all types of columns and for any component of DATE and TIME types- Unusual use of universal function LIKE in WHERE logical expressions. See WEB site for explanations.Data types supported in columns of tables are:int - integerpkint - integer with primary key constraint checknumeric - real number (with dot)pknumeric - real number (with dot)  with primary key constraint checkvarchar - any string data as 'This is string data'pkvarchar - any string data with primary key constraint check date - date like 'yyyy.mm.dd', 'yyyy/mm/dd', 'yyyy-mm-dd'  where yyyy - year, mm - month, dd - day numberpkdate - date  with primary key constraint checktime - time as 'hh:mm:ss'  where hh - hour, mm - minute, ss - second pktime - time  with primary key constraint checkpicture - same as varchar with '.jpg', '.png', '.bmp' at the end of string like 'Picture1.jpg' pkpicture - picture with primary key constraint checkPrimary key constraint check for column of a table is check for uniqueness of data for that column in the table. That rule is for every column with primary key constraint check but not for column data combinations constraint chect if two or more colums have primary key constraint in this application.Mathematical functions available are: PI() - pi number E() - e  number  RANDOM() - random number ASIN() - arc sinus ASIN() - arc cosinus\ ATAN() - arc tangent SIN() - sinus  COS() - cosinus  TAN() - tangent CBRT() - cubic root SQRT() - square root exp2() - square exponent exp() - natural exponent log10() - base 10 logarithm log() - natural logarithm abs() - absolute value degrees() - convertion into degreess radioans() - convertion into radians rint() - round into integer round() - round double presision number ceil() - truncate into whole integer floor() - truncate  sign() - convert double presision natural number into integer 1 with a sign
Kivy Launcher Note: this version is a test version that allow quick and dirty test of your android applications. Do not use in production!This is a generic launcher of Kivy application. Check documentation to install examples: http://kivy.org/docs/installation/installation-android.html#installation-of-examples!! uninstall previous version before !!You need a Android with GPU support, minimum OpenGL ES 2.0 / Android 2.2Kivy launcher is in version. Check http://kivy.org/ for more information about the usage of this launcher. This is not an application for end-users.
New Guide For Sha‍dow Fig‍ht 3 Guide,Tips and Tricks for Shadow Fight 3 Game Play,that will make you a winnerBest seller Tips and Tricks for Shadow Fight 3 Game Play,that will make you a winnerBest guide for Shadow Fight 3 to help you play the game,Download and read this guide to know more things about this game.so you play with ease in every step, here you will get tips and trick the best ever. ****Features*****Shadow Fight 3 – Tips and tricks*Shadow Fight 3 Strategy Guide*Shadow Fight 3 Cheats*Shadow Fight Winning Guide Strategy and Tactics*How to play Shadow Fight 3All transfer name, images, characters, logo and different points from a source that was not created by us, but by their respective owners; This is NOT an Official Guide. The application name is the property of their respective owners. This is NOT a Cheats for the game, NOT an Official application. We made Best Shadow Fight Guide application only as a FREE FAN application with no cheats, only for those who wants to enjoy the Game. If there is any trademark or copyright violation that does not follow within the Fair Use, please contact us and we will immediately take action on it.
HelloCharts Samples Sample application for HelloCharts library - charting library for Android compatible with API 8+.Github project page: https://github.com/lecho/hellocharts-androidFeatures: - Line chart - Column chart - Pie chart - Bubble chart - Combo chart(Lines+Columns) - Preview charts(for column chart and line chart) - Zoom(pinch to zoom, double tap zoom), scroll and fling - Custom and auto-generated axes - Animations
Null I use it when I have apps that require opening other apps under certain circumstances, but don't want an app to be opened.I also use it when I want to test code for launching apps.This app does NOTHING.If you tap the icon in the launcher it will not open a screen, toast a message, or even beep.I'm sure other people can find a use for it.I advise users to share what they use it for.
ZGallery This is a simple library for developer to help them making a quick gallery UI with a good features in moments.
Guide For Bigo Live of Love Guide For Bigo Live of Love will guide you how to get full access to bigo live show apps. This app provide how to use, tips and trick for all stream.This apps has features such as to watch broadcasters show their skill and share their interest, real-time directly.This is a live video streaming social network. This application teach you install and tips to use "bigo live video call app broadcasting" on android, invite your friends to live. You can browse guides for start using bigo live thailand from ultimate guide.bigo live live broadcasting is a live video streaming social network. Watch broadcasters show their talents and share their interests. Broadcast your life and build your audience!Previously we've covered live broadcasting applications hosted by beautiful women and handsome men. Well bigo chat live call name of the application is, some time ago it was rising and becoming popular among the users of smartphones android.Well that's just the way it used to be the Official Host List bigo live indonesia , may be helpful for you who want to register as official bigo live diamonds free . Good luck. Thank you :)
Cartoon Face &  Cartoon Model Make a Cartoon Face & Cartoon Model !Make fun with youself or your friends!Try to downoad, and feedback to us!
Vitamio Plugin ARMv7 !!IMPORTANT!!DON'T install or update this unless other apps let you install it. This is a library which won't work by itself.This APK is for ARMv7 devices, such as Tegra 2 devices.What's VitamioVitamio is a multimedia framework for all Android devices. Vitamio works like the Android's default MediaPlayer except that it includes much more powerful features. And it's absolutely free !Network ProtocolsThe following network protocols are supported for audio and video playback:    MMS    RTSP (RTP, SDP)    HTTP progressive streaming    HTTP live streaming (M3U8), for Android 2.1+Media formatsMany audio and video codecs are packed into Vitamio beside the default media format built in Android platform, some of them are listed below.    divx/xvid    wmv    flv    ts    rmvb    mkv    mov    m4v    avi    mp4    3gpSubtitlesVitamio support the display of many external and embedded subtitle formats.    SubRip(.srt)    Sub Station Alpha(.ssa) / Advanced Sub Station Alpha(.ass)    SAMI(.smi/.sami)    MicroDVD(.sub/.txt)    SubViewer2.0(.sub)    MPL2(.mpl/.txt)    Matroska (.mkv) Subtitle TrackMore featuresThere are more wonderful features available in Vitamio.    Background playback    Multiple audio tracks support    Mutitiple subtitles support, including external and embedded ones    Processor optimization for many platforms    Buffering when streaming    Adjustable aspect ratio    Automatically text encoding detectionAnd many other features are waiting for you !How to use VitamioPlease refer our website at http://vitamio.orgPlease don't hesitate to contact us if you have any problems.PrivacyWe must notify you that Vitamio will collect those information to improve itself when you using it.UniqueID generated from Device identifierVitamio reads your device identifier to generate an unique ID and collect the generated one instead of your device identifier. Most important, this generation can't be reversed. So don't worry about this, as it's not harmful.Device's CPU features and screen size.Vitamio will work on many different Android devices, different CPU architectures, different screen sizes and so on, so it needs to know the environment.The app's package name which is using VitamioThere're many apps which may use Vitamio, so Vitamio should know which process is using it to allocate proper resources.LicensesVitamio uses sevral opensource projects, thanks to them.FFmpeg, universalchardet
Cheat For Clash Of Clans Prank Clash Of Clans Hack is a tool to prank the users of Clash Of ClansYou can prank your family and friends and make them believe that the Gems, Gold, Elixir & Dark Elixir are free to generate using Clash Of Clans hack tool. This is a unofficial app made by Clash of Clans fans. It include all the tricks and tips that help you to gain Gems Coins Elixir for Coc.Gems for Clash Of Clans Prank will help you to manage your game account this app will help you to be a king of the game! This app will show you the Clash of Clans tips for beginners player that will help you build a base of the best game. enjoy early success and become a better player.It's just prank app it's not official appNOTE : This app is not a CHEAT or HACK for clash of clans.it does not give gems or resources to your coc account.we dont provide any eligal methods.
Flashlight (old) Never go back through the dark, never look back in the dark ... Because this torch will not leave you in the dark!
Anime Skins for Minecraft PE Anime Skins for Minecraft PE Free has a catalogue of skins for you to choose from. You can apply any skin to either the Pocket Edition of Minecraft or the PC Edition of Minecraft.Search through our catalogue with the built in search options, or take a look at some random skins.Try different skins for minecraft again and again!Anime Skins for Minecraft PE Free is, the best Skin app for ,MCPE & MCPC ! Have you ,ever wanted to stand out from the crowd, on a multiplayer ,server with the best, skin? Well now you can! Show off to all, of your friends, and let the admin's know, whose the Minecraft Boss ,when you are ,wearing your newly, added skin! You can find your favorite Skin here !Anime Skins for Minecraft PE (Pocket Edition) allows you to choose and apply a skin to your Minecraft character for free with just the touch of a button! Anime Skins for Minecraft PE Free are compatible with all mods, addons and versions of Minecraft.Skins can be applied within the app without the need of BlockLauncher. Within seconds you could be playing with a new, really cool skin for Minecraft Pocket Edition! Skins even work in multiplayer!Anime Skins for Minecraft PE Free works as well in survival mode as in creative. If you are a Minecraft PE fan and like to change different skins every day - it’s the best app for you !NOTE: Anime Skins for Minecraft PE Free does use the internet, so please be aware of your data usage.Skins works on all maps and servers. Also you can try them with your favorite mods. Installing new minecraft skin will allow you to change the look of your character on the server. To make it more recognizable, separated from the crowd.We hope you enjoy Anime Skins for Minecraft PE Free !
Audio Pack (Ali Hudhaify) This is an audio pack for the free application «Juz Amma (Suras of Quran)» available on the Google Play Store. It contains all the audio files to listen to the Surahs.Thus, if you want to use this pack, you have to install the main application.If you encounter problems, contact us by email.
SYMA GO SYMA GO is a real-time transmission software for connecting aircraft
App Framework Demo iOS and Android Apps with HTML & JavaScript - develop, build and deploy - free and open source!Features- Creation of a lightweight and well-organized project folder, prepared to push to GitHub- Demo App to use as base for your own application with typical use casesDesign- Printable template to design your application with paper and pencil- Template for your icon design - as PDF for sketching and PPTX for drawingDevelopment- Realize beautiful user interfaces with all well-known components and transitions, based on Framework7- Use comprehensive icon fonts like FontAwesome, Framework7, Ion and Material Icons- Make your user interface state-based and reactive with the power and simplicity of Vue.js- Easy to maintain single page components and time-saving UI components- One code base for all devices with HTML, CSS and JavaScript - realized with Cordova, supporting ES2015- Well prepared to use Firebase authentication, realtime database and storage services- State kept for history, tabs, scroll positions, focus, panels, modals, form inputs and page component data- Offline capability, flexible routing and multi-language support out of the boxTesting- Integrated code checks for correctness and standard conformity- Development server with live reload, perfectly to use together with Chrome DevTools- Test your application on your own phone or any iOS or Android device with a simulator (work in progress)Building- Build process with version bump and compression of all HTML, CSS, JavaScript and image files- Generation of favicons, touch icons and splash screens out of a single image file- Phone frame around your application on big screens, so you can offer desktop access with charm- Automatic build as web application, to be used online and offline in the browser- Automatic Apple Xcode project build with Cordova- Automatic Android Studio project build with CordovaDeployment without downtime- To your own server or web space as Web App- To the Firebase Hosting service as Web App- To the Apple App Store as native iOS App- To the Google Play Store as native Android App (work in progress)- Easy rollback solutionBackup- Download your Firebase database content to a local JSON file- Create a ZIP file with all important project files to backup on any external drive or cloud serviceVisit our GitHub page:https://github.com/scriptPilot/app-framework
Material Master/Detail This application sample shows how to implement Master/Detail pattern that follows Material Design visual language. It is a part of an article called "Case Study. Master/Detail Pattern" published on my personal blog. I highly recommend reading it to gain more context and purpose of this app. Just follow this link http://goo.gl/ex8MVdBe sure to check this sample on Mobile as well as on Tablet!
NVIDIA VR Viewer - Beta With the NVIDIA VR Viewer App, you can enjoy 360 stereo panoramic images on your smartphone based on two exciting NVIDIA technologies: NVIDIA Ansel® technology is a revolutionary new way to capture in-game screenshots.  Compose your shots from any position, adjust with post-process filters, capture HDR images in high fidelity formats on your PC, and share your screenshots in 360 for playback on your smartphone. NVIDIA® Iray® VR technology taps into the power of NVIDIA GPUs to let users quickly generate immersive VR experiences of their 3D designs with amazing accuracy. Iray uses ray tracing to deliver a precise feel of the finished product, allowing architects and designers to immerse themselves in photo-realistic 3D models of buildings, cars, and other designs prior to any physical prototype being built. The NVIDIA VR Viewer App provides users a sneak-peak of the images that users will be able to capture and view using these upcoming technologies. Notes:        -- You must install the Google Cardboard App from the Google Play Store to view 360 images with Cardboard.        -- The "trigger" on your Cardboard device will advance you through different environments.         -- Pressing “trigger” twice will take you to the previous panoramic image.        -- We recommend turning off Auto Brightness if brightness adjustments are impacting your viewing experience.        -- Viewer currently supports JPG and PNG images generated by NVIDIA Ansel and IRAY. Images need to be of square dimension (1:1) for stereo and 2:1 for mono with max resolution restricted to 4K * 4K.System Requirements:        Android Lollipop or newer        2GB RAM or greater
Mirrored wardrobe There are some nice designer styles available for an expensive mirror wardrobe. This particular type of furniture is a cabinet cabinet that contains a mirror on the unit to use as a dressing mirror. You will find these items in high quality names. The line of wardrobes contains pieces that have a full size mirrored door. Their units are designed so that they can be used in combination to create an original designer look in the bedroom. You could put two traditional styled pieces on either side of a mirrored piece to form a complete customized storage area. The units come with various types of shelving drawers and bars to store the different types of items that you need to store. They also include high shelf units for the placement of boots. You will find other types of wardrobe that are created with a less than full-size mirror. Some wooden pieces with two doors can have the mirror attached to one of the doors. It can come as a full length mirror or as a shorter length depending on the size of the door. Choosing one of the models with an enclosed mirror is beneficial if your home does not have a full length mirror to allow you to wear. It is also helpful to have a nice mirror in an area that is close to where you are selecting your clothing items. You can easily check on an outfit and check to see what it looks like. The cabinets themselves are a great way to organize all your items. This makes them much easier to find if you want to wear a particular piece of clothing or find accessories. The units come in all sorts of designs to fit into any type of bedroom. Shopping for a mirror wardrobe door can be fun if you know your choices. How much are you willing to spend to make your perfect look? Budget is important when you consider this higher end of residential culture. Expect to spend more than five hundred dollars on one of these reflective must-haves, but how high are you ready to go. In this consumer-based economy the sky is the limit, if you want higher design, but remember when you have a budget, look for what you want and then see if similar styles are offered in a price class You can afford. Will you choose it for look or function? Remember to place other furniture appropriately when you buy mirrored wardrobe doors so you do not block or obscure your view. If you decide to use it as a full length mirror, you need at least four feet to see yourself properly, five feet for the best perspective. There are many different looks to the doors as well. Do you buy a double door or a bypass door? Perhaps you want to look a country and prefer the newer sliding french doors? As a rule, all mirrors are cut today to fit the size of the sliding door. You can find some with frames or edges, but mostly they are adapted to the shape of the door. This makes the style of the door select even more important. What if you already have a mirror sliding door and want to purchase a second door in the same room? How does a modern door look against an older model? Usually there will be no problem, but there are a few types of door that can look a little. A great idea to merge the future with the past is to choose a contemporary boarder to tie the space together. Boarders can be glued and come in many different cutouts, patterns and widths. It should be easy to find something to complement your territories style.
Hologram Maps Simulator Simulator Hologram Maps is intended for entertainment purposes only and does not provide true Hologram map.Hologram maps is made a to play a joke on your friends. Walk around with hologram map and pretend it is an actual 3d rendering of a geographic area.  Hologram map is a satellite map based platform. Use all the standard live map, street view, and satellite view features. Maps are handy to have and now with todays technology and satellites circling the earth we can take advantage of precise location pin pointing via GPS from a handheld device.Hologram maps doesn't actually produce a 3D hologram from ones phone but just 2D rendering of various 3D hologram images you can use to play jokes on your friends and family.
Consultant Network With app Consultant Network you can easily and simply create your own personal network. With Consultant Network users can publish images and videos, see images and videos from friends, have personal conversation in real time, and more.See on codecanyon
Guide minecraft furniture have a nice house in minecraft but it has no furniture and decorations This application is the definitive guide to minecraft furniture construction. Follow the tutorials step by step and decorate your house with amazing designs- Every step is easy explained- Minecraft is a wonderful game, and it's even better with this app. This application is the perfect partner for any Minecraft-Definitive Guide for anyone Players MinecraftHier are some examples: kitchen, bathroom, a game room, office, living room, dining room, living room, trash can, office chair and moreThis application is not in any way associated with Mojang from the company. The Minecraft name, the Minecraft trademark and the Minecraft assets are all owned by Mojang AB or their respected owners.
Detector Metal-Gold Detector Metal-Gold is amazing tool that uses magnetic sensor to find the gold,silver or metal in your surrounding.how to use Detector Metal-Gold :All you need is Open this app on your device, and move it . The accuracy depends entirely on the sensors in your device.If this app does not function properly , it may mean that your phone sensors are damaged, broken or missing. To initialize the sensors , point your phone towards the sky and move it.Downlaod Detector Metal-Gold:Real for free.
Professional Website App Welcome friends ,   Are You Looking For An Professional As well As An Native Android Application Then You Are At Right Place.Key Features:-   security: we use firebase authentication,to add more security.You can Use It As An Primary Security Gateway.   Design: with advanced error handling,browser Type Progress Bar,Animated dialog Box And You Can Change Website Url,About Text,Share message without updating App with Firebase Remote Config,our app Stands In Unique.  Support : This Full Application Template Is Clearly Documented With more than 20000 words and more than 200 lines of source comments.we provide free lifetime support.You Can Buy The Template from https://codecanyon.net/item/android-professional-website-app-with-firebase-backend-and-admob/19202563  what else we have?MATERIAL DESIGNFIREBASE REMOTE CONFIGFIREBASE CRASH REPORTINGGOOGLE ANALYTICSFIREBASE ANALYTICSFIREBASE PUSH NOTIFICATIONMATERIAL NAVIGATION DRAWERANDROID RUNTIME PERMISSIONINTERSTITIAL ADS EVERY X SECONDSWIPE TO REFRESH CONFIRM ON EXITANIMATED ABOUT DIALOG BOXONESIGNAL PUSH NOTIFICATIONDEVELOPED WITH ANDROID STUDIO 2.2.3COMPATIBLE WITH ANDROID VERSION 4.0.3 TO 7.1 (NOUGAT)ADVANCED ERROR HANDLINGANDROID INTENDS(CALL,SMS,WHATSAPP,EMAIL,MAP)SUPPORTS ALL SOCIAL MEDIA SCRIPTS.SUPPORTS JAVASCRIPT ,CSS,VIDEOS AND IMAGESMULTI COLOR(CODES FOR 10 MATERIAL COLORS ARE ALREADY ADDED) MULTI LANGUAGE SUPPORTADMOB ADS BASED ON NEW FIREBASE CONSOLE DOWNLOAD AND UPLOAD HANDLERSGEO LOCATION CUSTOM RULES FOR WEB HANDLINGHIGHLY RESPONSIVE DESIGNCOMPATIBLE WITH ALL SIZE MOBILE AND TABLET DEVICES.
Condor Passport Condor Passport allows you to unify all your Condor services with a single account that contains prepaid rechargeable points that allow you to purchase Condor products and services.
World Clock World Clock will provide you with just one click to your exact time zone and international clock. Find the global clock on the map or from your zone entry. You can also use the online digital clock converter simply to find the time difference. (#) O ° * ° o (#) .. o ° * ° o (#) - Time zones Works - The global clock time zone converter -World time zone With the card ⓒACCESS LLC, All rights reserved
Crafting Mods Mine Little Pony Mod adds new player models and textures that make players look like ponies in inspired Crafting Mods Mine Little Pony can only be applied with BlockLauncher application and you need install the full version in your smartphone or tablet.unofficial application for Minecraft Pocket Edition. application is not affiliated in any way with Mojang AB. The Minecraft Name, the Minecraft Brand and the Minecraft Assets are all property of Mojang AB or their respectful owner. All rights reserved. In accordance with http://account.mojang.com/documents/brand_guidelines
predict.io Demo **Overview**The predict.io Demo App shows the predict.io SDK working live. This app can be used to test and verify the SDK performance and accuracy. It displays the following events:    **departed**   Invoked when the user has just departed.   **departureCanceled**   Invoked when the last departure event is unable to validate.   **transportationMode**   Invoked when predict.io detects a transportation mode.   **searchingInPerimeter**   Invoked when the user is searching for a parking space at a specific location.   **arrivalSuspected**   Invoked when predict.io suspects that the user has just arrived.   **arrived**   Invoked when the user has just arrived at the destination.To know more about the methods invoked in each event please check out our GitHub documentation (https://github.com/predict-io).**Running and Testing**We have conducted user research and built our algorithm to support our typical users behavior. The best test environment is to use the demo in your everyday environment for 5-10 days with different devices if possible.For an example, the typical user behavior for "arrival detection" of our customers looks like this:    1. Leave your home/work and launch the app, ensuring you have a reliable data  connection.    2. Turn on data, GPS, wifi, turn off flight mode, give all app permissions and disable all kinds of battery saving modes.    3. Leave the app running in the background and return your phone to your pocket.    4. Take your trip with any mode of transport for at least 5 mins and a distance of at least 1km.    5. User walks for at least 2 minutes and then remains “stationary” for at least 10 minutes.    6. Use your phone freely as you would outside the test.**Support**For any questions, suggestions, feedback or just to say "Hello", do not hesitate to contact us by:- Email: support@predict.io- Help Center: https://support.predict.io
Hello Android Market Hello Robot, he will repay!
Spaghetti and shrimp parcels * Spaghetti with prawns and fried egg * Chilli spaghetti with salmon and squid * Recipes: Chipolata sausage pasta with rocket and parmesan salad * spaghetti bolognaise * warm tomatoes, tuna and spaghetti rocket * spaghetti alla puttanesca * Bucatini all 'amatriciana * spaghetti carbonara * spaghetti with lemons and tapenade * spaghetti with tomatoes, capers, basil and ricotta * broccolini And tomato sauce Spaghetti * saffron spaghetti with crab, lemon and dill * Green beans and snow peas noodle salad * Spaghetti with shrimp, corn and arugula * Tomato, basil and feta spaghetti * Pasta puttanesca spaghetti recipes * spaghetti with dried tomatoes * tomato and basil Pasta * Pesto, rocket and ham Pasta * Creamy pasta with spring vegetables * Spaghetti in Kirs * Spaghetti with pesto and smoked chicken * Spaghetti with garlic breaded * Pesto Chicken Pasta with pumpkin * Spaghetti with garlic butter, bacon and shrimp * Tuna and salsa. Spaghetti with ricotta and rucola * Smoked salmon spaghetti * Chilli shrimp pasta * Chilli prawns and rocket spaghetti Cherry tomatoes * Bacon, zucchini and lemon spaghetti recipes * Spaghetti with olive and mint pesto * Fish, fennel and tomato spaghetti * Spaghetti carbonara with salami * Spaghetti with shrimp and feta * Tomato, ham and pea spaghetti * Remnant spaghetti frittata * Salmon And spaghetti with spaghetti, spaghetti with chicken and half-dried tomato pesto * Spaghetti with tuna sauce * Garlic shrimp, lemon and feta spaghetti * Marinara * Spaghetti with broccoli and bacon * Pesto and chargrilled vegetable noodles * Spaghetti bolognaise picnic cake * Poached chicken and asparagus spaghetti * Spaghetti with green olive tapenade * Spaghetti with ricotta, ham N and rocket pesto can save and share your favorite recipes simply by clicking on the share button to your favorite social network from this application. Have fun cooking !!!! Spaghetti and recipes.
Audio Pack (Abdul Basit) This is an audio pack for the free application «Juz Amma (Suras of Quran)» available on the Google Play Store. It contains all the audio files to listen to the Surahs.Thus, if you want to use this pack, you have to install the main application.If you encounter problems, contact us by email.
Usuli - Kafi Ilmin Fazileti Usuli - Kafi Ilmin Fazileti
NoteBook use NoteBook and  keep note of your wonderful ides and more .
Multitouch Test This app shows how your phone's hardware handles multitouch. Multitouch Test allows you to find out the multi touch capabilities of your device. It supports up to 20 pointers (fingers). Each touch pointer is visualized with a colored circle (blue: down, green: move, grey: up).
Prezi Tutorial Free Prezi is an excellent presentation tool that is a real alternative to using PowerPoint. These videos demonstrate a complete introduction to using Prezi showing
Ivy House Baked Potatoes * Parmesan Potato Bowls * Mini Pellet Potatoes * Olive Oil Potatoes * Grill Baked Sweet Potatoes * Classic Potato Salad * Smashed Rosemary Potatoes * Potato Recipes Potatoes Recipes FREE Welcome! In this application you need: - Many tasty recipes for youlist Recipe: * Potato wedges with curry sauce * Potatoes with smoked salmon * Turkey chili potatoes * Herby new potatoes * Minted potato salad * New potato salad tamarinds * New potatoes Lorraine * Herbs roasted new potatoes * Crushed potatoes Recipes * Mexican potatoes * Burnt potatoes * Noisette potatoes * Spanish potatoes * Potato lettuce * Jabron Potatoes * Spicy potatoes * Fondant potatoes * Dauphinoise potatoes * Potato scones * Golden potatoes * Potatoes dauphinoise * Potatoes on the spit * Boulangère potatoes * Salsa potatoes * Asian style baked onions, potatoes and sweet potatoes * Broccoli fried potatoes * Filled Pellk * Potatoes and radish salad * Classic potatoes * Lemon roasted new potatoes * Cheesy bean potatoes * Cheesy bean potatoes * Cheesy bean potatoes * Potato wedge tortilla * Pizza oven potato * Cheesy chipotle potato bowls * Spice Indian potato wraps * Tray potatoesYou can store and share your favorite salad recipes by simply pressing the Share button to your favorite social network from this application. Have fun cooking !!!! Enjoy and potato recipes.
Density Calculator A small android application to approximate dimensions of image assets to be used in andoroid applications.Uses Javier Santos's Material Styled Dialgoues.https://github.com/javiersantos/MaterialStyledDialogsDeveloped by Amal Thomas.http://thegta.inCode for fun. :)Source Code available on GitHub : https://github.com/amalgta/DensityCalculator
Archi Scale Converter MGH The application "Archi Scale Converter" proposed by MGH Developer for architects, facilitates conversion between scales
Pajomʙaratro know Brief: This thesis that during the life of the Prophet (S) briefly explained, especially for clean morals, good conduct in the family and society, being in hoçatmandon assistance, promoted in ilmomuzī of excellent young guide .
Guide For boomerang for ig Instagram has undergone numerous transformations since its first release in 2010, including the implementation of an Explore tab, the addition of new filters, video sharing, and Instagram Direct-Private Messaging For my interests and experiences with others. + Boomerang from Instagram to App Store + Why does Boomerang change its logo? + How to use boomerang on Instagram & Get In On The Video Sharing fun + Instagram launches new app 'Boomerang' for making GIF -like videosBoomerang Instagram Guide is the best guide to Boomerang Instagram that will help you understand how to do it with ease, and will teach you how to do some nice and cool Instagram boomerangs.This apps will give you some great tips, tricks and All information You need to make some nice boomerangs and impress your friends and family How do you start with Boomerang? Take a look at this step-by-step tutorial, and start right away. Do not forget to share it with your friends. Tip boomerang for ig guide is an app guide not official app and not affiliate
Audio Pack (Al-Ghamidi) This is an audio pack for the free application «Juz Amma (Suras of Quran)» available on the Google Play Store. It contains all the audio files to listen to the Surahs.Thus, if you want to use this pack, you have to install the main application.If you encounter problems, contact us by email.
720 Camera 720 Camera is simply the best camera application for portraits. It has everything you need in a camera and photo editor to help you capture and create photos worth awards.It offers a huge variety of lenses and shooting modes, hand-picked filters and the best beauty effects, run through our own face detection technology. Features : -- Select a frame you like.-- Select a photo or teke a picture using camera.-- favorite photo effect template.-- save your effected photos.-- share(sms, email, facebook, twitter...) to your friends.  IMPORTANT! New photo effects will automatically appear in your phone every week.
WebView App Demo This is not a real app - it is just a demo application for WebView App template on Codecanyon.net. This template can be purchased here: http://codecanyon.net/item/universal-android-webview-app/8431507?ref=robotemplatesWebView App is a native Android application which uses web view component for displaying content. With this template you can turn your responsive website into a universal mobile app. It is quick, easy and affordable. WebView App has many useful built-in features and services. You're gonna like it. It is the most popular web view app on Envato Market.This template provides you easy way to make your own app. It does not require programming skills. Code is easily configurable and customizable. There is just one config file to setting up everything. Project is well documented. You can also check a video manual. Create your own app in less than 15 minutes without any special knowledge! It's easier than you think.WebView App uses powerful & fast Chromium engine. It is compatible with WordPress or any other web framework. It supports HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, Bootstrap and other web technologies. See the full list of features below.We have a lot of experience with developing Android apps. Our priority is to create top quality products with beautiful design, write a perfectly clean code and make apps easily configurable and customizable. We are following Android Design Guidelines and permanently watching new trends.Features• Support for Ice Cream Sandwich (Android 4.0.3) and newer• Developed with Android Studio & Gradle• Material design following Android Design Guidelines• Ten color themes (blue, brown, gray, green, lime, orange, purple, red, teal, violet)• Thirty menu icons• Action bar (optional)• Navigation drawer menu with optional categories (easily customizable)• Pull-to-Refresh (optional)• Share dialog (optional)• Intents for opening external apps (e-mail, sms, phone call, map, store)• Geolocation (optional)• Download manager• File picker for uploading files• Upload photo from camera• Fast and powerful webview engine based on the Chromium• WebView supports HTML5, JavaScript, Cookies, CSS, images, videos and other standard web tools and technologies• HTML5 videos, YouTube, Vimeo, JW Player• Fullscreen video• Support for opening links in external browser (customizable rules)• Local pages (available in offline)• Error handling• Offline handling• Progress bar when loading the page• Action bar title based on HTML title or custom text• Rate my app prompt (optional)• Confirmation dialog when user tries to exit the app (optional)• Runtime permissions• Google Analytics• AdMob (banner and interstitial ad)• Push notifications (OneSignal.com, FCM or GCM)• RTL• Customization (enable/disable action bar, navigation drawer menu, pull-to-refresh etc.)• Responsive design (portrait, landscape, handling orientation change)• Support for high-resolution displays (xxxhdpi)• Multi-language support• Easy configuration• Well documented• Top quality clean code created by experienced senior Android developer• Free support
TF: Screen Lighting Classic Screen Lighting Classic is a plugin for Tiny Flashlight and sets this in front. The classic screen lighting of Tiny Flashlight v4.x for those of you who prefer the old design. ** Note: On the lighting screen, you can long on Press a specific light to enter the edit mode. In the processing mode, you can rearrange the lighting sequence by dragging. The lighting at the first position is loaded by default when the application is started. This allows you to choose your standard lighting. Features: * Updated to support the latest Android devices with 1080p screen resolution. * Tablet support * Full access and D-Pad interface navigation (no touch required)
eSpeak TTS Engine - RedZoc eSpeak is a compact open source software speech synthesizer that supports a large number of  languages. eSpeak uses a "formant synthesis" method. This allows many languages to be provided in a small size. The speech is clear and can be used at high speeds.This is a port of eSpeak to Android for 4.0 (Ice Cream Sandwich) and later (including Marshmallow), supporting all 79 languages and accents of eSpeak TTS Engine.This port of eSpeak is built on the eyes-free version. It fixes multiple issues found in the eyes-free version: Fixes crashes on Android 4.3 and later versions, Lot of customization options implemented like eSpeak desktop application, and Various memory leaks and crashes are fixed.The eSpeak source code is licensed under GPLv3+ by Jonathan Duddington.The Android port is derived from the eyes-free port by Google under the Apache 2.0 license. Additional modifications have been made by RedZoc Team, also under the Apache 2.0 license.eSpeak TTS,RedZoc Solutions Private Limited
Real metal detectors: free app Real metal detectors: free app is amazing tool that uses magnetic sensor to find the gold,silver or metal in your surrounding.(detector gold)how to use Real metal detectors: free app :All you need is Open this app on your device, and move it . The accuracy depends entirely on the sensors in your device.If this app does not function properly , it may mean that your phone sensors are damaged, broken or missing. To initialize the sensors , point your phone towards the sky and move it.Downlaod Real metal detectors: free app:Real for free
Guided Caliphs peace and blessings of Allah be upon him and Brkathnrm incredibly beautiful and high-quality style caliphates in the form of the prophet, peace be upon him apk Chharyar loyal to contribute to Jzakm Bshnasba its publication in the reward of Allah Kh.
Grial UIKit Grial UI Kit provides everything you need to build a good looking Xamarin Forms app. Built under MVVM design pattern, Grial ensures a clean separation between application logic and a carefully designed UI.Don’t waste precious time compiling just to see small visual changes, we have made all the hard work for you carefully designing more than 60 screens in XAMLKey Features:Built by designers for developers.Designed for .NET Developers. Grial UI Kit provides a complete ready made collection of fully customisable UI screens and resources.Fully customisable and themeable.Change colors, ui elements, sizes, layouts, themes. Everything you need to get the look and feel you want.Full suppport for Tablets and Phones.Get the best UI look and feel on different devices and orientations.Custom TabControlHost views on our fully customisable TabControl. Get a native look and feel add as many tabs as you want.- Plenty of snippets. Take whatever you need and use it, as simple as that. Do you need some well designed snippets? We've already done this for you. Take whatever you need, build something new.
CardTest Out of curiousity I created this demo application to see how much data NFC enabled credit cards give up to a random reader.   It turns out they give you pretty much everything you see on the front of the card.Despite some news reports proclaiming NFC credit cards can be read by passing strangers, in my experience the card has to be in close contact with the back of the phone to get a good read.Out of paranoia, this app censors credit card info and the content of "track 2 equivalent data" as I would hate to release something that could be used for evil.This app has only been tested on UK cards, with a Galaxy Nexus so may not work on other credit cards.  The app does not save or transmit any of the read data, but you use it at your own risk.
Free Timo Games Features:• New hot: Get the latest game recommend• Free Installation: Save phone storage, because all games will run at SD card without full installation.• Powerful yet tiny: As small as 3MB.• Timo Games will support most apps in Google Play.Notes:• The permissions required by Timo Games are applied by all the apps running inside. Timo Games itself will never gather any personal information from users.• Memory, battery and network traffic consumed by Timo Games is actually used by all the apps running inside. Just take it easy.
OpenCV Samples OpenCv Android Samples from OpenCV SDK using Android Studio and Gradle System:-> Tutorial 1 Camera Preview-> Tutorial 2 Mixed Processing (uses JNI)-> Tutorial 3 Camera Control-> Image Manipulations-> Face Detection (uses JNI)-> Color Blob Detection-> Puzzle 15Code available on GitHub: https://github.com/joaopedronardari/OpenCV-AndroidSamples
Send to Framebuffer Requires root, a kernel with USB host/OTG mode,  dalvik.vm.heapsize=42m and a DisplayLink monitor/adapter!Send photos from any app to an attached Linux framebuffer device like a DisplayLink monitor/adapter.Details and source code available on the website.
Usuli - Kafi Tevhid Usuli - Kafi Tevhid
WiFi i-home_us system 	Control the system from anywhere in the world - turn it on or off, watch through the directional camera, and more	Smart phone(IOS&Android)-enabled APP and state-of-the-art WIFI+GSM double network technology 	Two-way communication, Real-time update including on/off, status updates, information... 	Instant response time through phone call, SMS and push notifications	Almost unlimited expandability for a variety of smart home applications. 	The App integrated the IP camera’s to realize the video record, send pic to user Email when system alarm. 	A powerful 20slaves wireless smart home control lighting, appliances etc, set up to 4 Scenes, 8-slave per Scene. set up in different combinations , arming/disarming and alarming linkage	Wireless encode function, support 10 remote control, 24 wireless zones + 4 wired zones, 1 to 16 zones can be customized alarm message content, branch-zone of all  zones can be set to alarm delay	When system alarm, the App alert contents: alarm Zone and detector’s name	App detection system per 4 hours: AC power OK or not;  system ARM OR DISARM. Accessories power lower or not; connect to panel or not.; Zone has accessories or not... Check the all system clearly, get system status in time.  	By pick up alarm call&call the alarm SIM to realize Monitor, voice intercom, talk back, arm/disarm.	support pick up phone calls	Work with wireless and wired siren	CID Protocol	Factory reset
Tuscany Dive Head Tracking Virutal Reality DemoTuscany Demo from Oculus Rift SDK for AndroidWelcome to Tuscany! Use the OpenDive / Dive glasses to immerse yourself in the beautiful Tuscany. In this demo one can move with a controller. Alternatively, a view of the ground allows you to activate or deactivate an auto-walk. A touch of the display allows additional graphic effects to be switched on. For this, however, a powerful smartphone is required! A realistic impression is created by the use of headphones and without disturbing ambient light. The level comes from the Oculus SDK and is designed for more computing power than a smartphone can offer. That's why Framerates can suffer from it. Get your Dive at: http: //www.durovis.com/ The Tuscany Demo has been provided by Oculus VR.http: //www.oculusvr.com/Works with Google Cardboard
Step by step 3 Minecraft Step By Step Minecraft House Ideas 3 There are 29 houses for you to choose from each of them has its own unique style. Choose what you like best and follow the instructions step by step. New ideas under construction of houses in every update. This application is in no way connected with Mojang AB. The Minecraft name, the Minecraft brand, and the Minecraft assets are owned by Mojang AB or their respected owner.
Auto Cleaner free Up Auto Cleaner for appsYour running processes and their tasks are restarted and not killed what is much more effective and friendly to your device.The most reliable in the world optimizer, The auto cleaner, helps to clean up 500 million devices!When do you need us?TAC is perfect for you if your device freezes, if he stopped playing games normally, if it becomes too hot to hold by hand, or you want to free up space to store more photos or songs .What we can do for you downloadthan any other task killer or memory cleaner. Memory Cleaner provides with ease and simplicity a proper tool to clean your memory, Auto Clean: (clean boost &) is the best Android Optimizer, Speed Booster, Battery Saver, Now it is easy to free up more storage for your device and SD card, boost games and device memory, enhance speed, stop overheating and protect your device against malicious apps and vulnerabilities.donloGame Booster, CPU Cooler, and Junk Cleaner. It can clean and boost your phone very fast. Make your phone or tablet faster- Storage Increase- Increase space TOP- Increase the speed and efficiency of memory usage CLEAN- The press RAM- Light Line and hidden caches- Improve performance and remove unused files and emails FREESave time, your precious time!It is small with the size of the installation package only 1 MB; And it is really smart to boost memory and clean scrap and hide quicker than othersFEATURES:* Material design* Auto scan device for cache files* 1 tap to clear all cache* Auto clean cache on app start up* Nettoyer la mémoire et Super Booster* Un Boost Tap (juste 1Tap)* CPU Cooler Game Booster* Auto clean cache on device start up* Automatically exit app after cleaning cache* Quick glance at device internal* Supports International all contries
Geenapp Recommender This is the most simple App Store Recommender from Geenapp technlogy to show how it works.
WIFI Fish Finder 6.0 This WIFI Fish Finder is especially designed for amateur and professional fishermen alike,to find out the location of fish,depth and bottom contour of water.This WIFI fish finder can be used in ocean,river or lake and is fantastic for detecting schools of fish in any fresh water or salt water.This WIFI Fish Finder is based on Sonar technology,The WIFI transducer sends a sound wave signal ,the returned “echoes” are transmitted with WIFI technology to the IPHONE ,IPAD or other intelligent device ,then all the underwater information is displayed on the screen,including the water depth,water temperature,bottom contour,fish location and depth.
Wifi Display This app will open Wi-Fi Display settings if your device support it (or in other words SHORTCUT). Some devices support Wi-Fi Display, but the setting is either hidden or not present. It should also work on Samsung device now. I don't have LG device, so I can't test it.Only download this if your device support Wi-Fi Display / Miracast, but you can't find how to enable it.To mirror your screen to TV, you must meet the following condition:1. Your TV must support Wireless Display / Miracast (check your TV manual)2. Your TV must be connected to the same WiFi network as your device. You can't connect it with wired connection (LAN).3. Your Android device must run on Android version 4.2 or newer.Tested devices:- Huawei Honor 3C (4.4)- Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 8.0"Unsupported device:- HTC devices running Sense
MyMedia Application features: - search, buy and download books from the site Litres.ru (for quick save hold your finger on the required book) - search and save videos from the IMDB database (in English) - import your estimates to IMDB (via csv file) - search and save video from Kinopoisk.ru - add your own rating and commentary - add your cover from the device's gallery or by reference - add information manually - quick search among saved data - backup copies of all application data (except Litres account data) to SD -card or with Google Drive- support Oembed links (youtube, instagram, dailymotion, soundcloud, coub) through the Share menu. To quickly save information, just select the application in the list of sharing
Iconics Library If you are an app developer you will know the problem. You start an app but require many different icons, in different sizes (ldpi, mdpi, hdpi, xhdpi, xxhdpi, xxxhdpi), different colors, and different variants. If you get the icons as vector (.svg) or there are many changes over the time, you will always have to get the correct drawables again.This consumes a lot of time!Now there's an easy, fast, and small solution for this! The Iconics library.This library allows you to include vector icons everywhere in your project. No limits are given. Scale with no limit, use any Color at any time, provide a contour, and many additional customizations...Use the icons in the variation you need them.What do you get- No customization limitations (size, color, contour, background, padding, positioning, ...)- One icon source (no more mdpi, hdpi, ...)- Flexibility- If it takes an Drawable, it will also work with the IconicsDrawable!- Save in APK sizeAlready available fonts- FontAwesome- Material Design Icons- Meteocons- Octicons- Community Material Icons- Weather Icons- Typeicons- Entypohttps://github.com/mikepenz/Android-Iconics
Bibo-Sax BIBO-SAX is the library association in Saxony. In the online catalog of bibo-sax.de you can search books, magazines, CD's, DVD's, games and much more in the stock of all participating libraries.
PDF Plugin - Moon+ Reader ********************You needn't install this plugin if you use armeabi-v7a CPU devices (include most of Samsung Galaxy and HUAWEI/HTC/SONY Android phones/tablets), this is for armeabi, mpis and x86 CPUs devices only********************Backup PDF plugin for Moon+ Reader & Moon+ Reader Pro, Features:*Fill out PDF Form*Highlight, annotation, handwriting*Smart scroll lock, smooth reading experience*Night mode support, 6 additional pdf themes available*Dual-page mode for landscape screen*Speech, auto-scroll compatible *Read statistics, sync, flip animation available
PvP Skins for Minecraft PE PvP Skins for Minecraft PE Free has a catalogue of skins for you to choose from. You can apply any skin to either the Pocket Edition of Minecraft or the PC Edition of Minecraft.Search through our catalogue with the built in search options, or take a look at some random skins.PvP Skins for Minecraft PE (Pocket Edition) allows you to choose and apply a skin to your Minecraft character for free with just the touch of a button! Skins can be applied within the app without the need of BlockLauncher. Within seconds you could be playing with a new, really cool skin for Minecraft Pocket Edition! Skins even work in multiplayer!NOTE: PvP Skins for Minecraft PE Free does use the internet, so please be aware of your data usage.Skins works on all maps and servers. Also you can try them with your favorite mods. Installing new skin will allow you to change the look of your character on the server. To make it more recognizable, separated from the crowd.We hope you enjoy PvP Skins for Minecraft PE Free !Enchant your Minecraft experience with loads of fantastic skins that you can apply to your character.PvP Skins for Minecraft PE Free is an unofficial application for Minecraft Pocket Edition. This application is not affiliated in any way with Mojang AB. The Minecraft Name, the Minecraft Brand and the Minecraft Assets are all property of Mojang AB or their respectful owner. All rights reserved. In accordance with http://account.mojang.com/documents/brand_guidelines
Volume Booster pro You need to increase the volume of the speakers of your mobile phone(volume booster pro)You are on the right pathVolume booster pro  is the best free app that will help you increase the volume booster of yourAndroid phone by controlling it for all sound streams (music, voice, alarm, system).You can easily increase your phone sound to the maximum in a single key and just in a few seconds.volume booster proWhat characterizes this application is that it is simple, free, and it handles well the volume booster of your phonecellular.With volume booster pro you can listen to music with a high qualityYou can also enjoy yourself listening to your favorite musicAll by adjusting the volume of your speaker with the best applicationThis application volume booster pro can increase your overall sound quality and build your Android phone's type of a qualified media player.Volume booster Amplifier Feature:★ Easily control volume. A tab to increase the volume booster to the maximum.★ Three modes of support: Max mode, normal mode and silent mode.★ Show on notification.★ Compatible with Android Phone and Tablet.volume booster proVolume booster pro is the bestThank you for wishing us a good chance to share the application and put 5 *****
